Went to Six Flags, six fags came up
And said "Ayo! Can we get a pic?" I said no
And they said "Oh! It's Wolf Gang, "Yonkers", Goblin is my shit though"
Now I'm like, "fuck, I don't want to be an asshole"
So I'm sitting there posing with Travis, Devon
With a fake smile like her titties was drawing it on
So fucking annoyed 'cause I missed Goliath
'Cause some kid said I was there, then they caused a riot
Now I'm surrounded by a 25 hound of fuckers tryna get a photo
All because they noticed the top with the box logo
And them fucking ears, guarantee they didn't even hear Bastard
They bandwagon-jumped me from a pogo
I'm going fucking loco, "Hey, Tyler, can I...?"
No, bitch, don't you see me tryna buy a fucking churro?
"But Tyler, you're my hero, I used to get bullied
Until I heard "Radicals," the last part got to me
See, I used to give a fuck until my cock would bleed
Now I'm the happiest I think I'll ever ever be
My life is just like yours, no father
My momma must have forgot to stop with a popped condom
In school I was the one that was thinking outside boxes
So everybody in them would say that I got problems
So when I heard you say it, I said it back like fuck 'em
You're an inspiration to niggas like me
Not the niggas who like you just 'cause of lyrics and beats
I'm talking 'bout the niggas who don't know where they're going to be
I heard the song "Bastard" right in the moment of heat
Not in summer, but of course, I was holding a heat
Gun on the edge of my feet, I heard that first piano chord
And it drew me in like predators carrying treats
Then I said to myself, "Fuck, is he speaking to me?"
See, me and you, we go together like snare and a beat
I mean snare and a kick drum, see my forearm?
I carved OF on it this morning with a glass shard
On my green mini ramp that I built in my backyard (that's weird)
That's hard, that scar from playing air guitar
When I see you play at the Roxy (uhh)
Tyler, I love you, wanna be just like you (alright)
I think about your face and I don't even fucking try to (no homo)
Wish I had a basement meant for me to hide you
We could play Xbox and listen to "In Search Of..." and eat donuts
Over conversating 'bout what church does
Come up with weird-ass videos with roach bugs
I'm straight edge too, so no drugs on this trip
And Raquel that bitch, you should've killed that bitch
You should've took me instead (uhh, that's weird)
See, if you can't have her then he shouldn't neither
And if I can't have you then she shouldn't either
No one should see you, but me in your t-shirt
I worship you until the fucking wrinkles on my knees hurt (what the fuck)
Odd Future, Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, Flog Gnaw, free Earl mobbing
I know it seems like I'm just slobbing on your knob
But I'm just a fan and I ain't losing my fucking noggin (yeah, you are)
I ain't got a job and I went out and bought Goblin about 5 times
'Cause (Thanks for the support) I love you man (alright)
I like tie-dyed tees or just plain white tees
I like pants that's cut, I like words like "fuck"
I got your pics on my wall with the mouth cut out
Now paper cuts on my balls because your dick's in my jaw (what the fuck)
And I hit you on Twitter about 10 minutes a day
And now I'm bitter 'cause you don't even reply with a "hey" (sorry)
And my boys think I'm gay 'cause I play "VCR"
In my car all alone speakers waking up neighbors..."
All right, my nigga, calm down, it's getting weird, take this pic
So I can get on Colossus, line as slow as molasses
(Tyler, listen) No, nigga, I see you're loving my shit
And I appreciate the fact that you would suck on my dick
But I'm not gay so it's awkward, now I'm grouchy like Oscar
After spilling some shit on his newest pair of beige Dockers
"Yonkers" and "Yonkers" (I love that song) Sick of hearing about "Yonkers"
I'm grateful that it worked, I attacked and I conquered
"Yeah whatever but I had a fucking blast at that concert
I was at the Boston one, I got a t-shirt from Sagan
The one that say "Sagan Lockhart" and when you came out to "Sandwitches"
That's when my fucking boy-crush got started"
Just take this fucking picture man, shit...
Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga, with intentions, that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one
But I give two for us cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn
From Adventurin' Time

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt

I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
You are a whore, you are a whore
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck him
Fuck everything else I can see
I know, fuck you I hate you so fucking much
I know you think I'm crazy
Cause I think you’re a fucking fag

"Sam, the music sounds good, man! You've been practicing?"
"Thanks"
"Sam, this is Wolf. He's new here."
"Sup, dude"
"Wolf, this is Sam. Sam and his band have been here at Flog Gnaw for a while. Sam's gonna show you around while I fill out these last minute field trip slips, alright? Now you guys have fun"
"So, you guys are into jazz?"
"Look. Wolf, Prairie Dog, Ronzell—whatever the fuck your name is. We don't fuck with you or anybody else here, alright? You stay the fuck out of our way and we'll stay out of yours, capisce?"
Fly with the birds in the wind
Where you wanna go, who, what, why, when?
On a scale from nine to ten
You taking L's baby, hold my hand and feel like the wind
Now fasten your seat belt, and turn everything off
I got your attention, mothafucka I'm bout to take off
I'm the new pilot in this bitch
And I ain't bring no extra baggage for this trip
But I do bring a terror like I hate America
A brand new camera and a parachute
Nigga you and I are not the same, we not parallel
Don't talk to me 'fore I fuckin' embarrass you
Now sit your ass down you doin' three much
I'm the captain on this bitch, don't get it fucked up
Or you'll get fucked up
I'm so far ahead of you niggas I'm in the future
Y'all don't even know about my existence, it's like I'm dead to you
You niggas, I'm sayin',look, y'all be on the stupid shit
I'm the fuckin' pilot, your role is to be the stewardess
I'm the fuckin' bomb like I was stuffing my shoe with it
The boy's a fucking problem like turbulence boy, get used to it
If anything happens its one door
If I see a building, motherfucker we're done for
I'mma hit a couple of 'em up this is Parkour
Better call your family and give 'em your last wishes, nigga
And every line dirty, you thought that I dug ditches
But I never give a fuck, it's like I was born dickless
I don't wanna crash anymore, I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Till there's nothing left in the gas tank
I don't wanna crash, I don't wanna crash anymore
I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Till there's nothing left in the gas tank, I don't wanna crash
I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
Uh, cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
Uh, cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
It's kinda weird
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
I'm tryna find a place, a place where I can land at
A place where I can be
With no alphabet dictatin' where to stand at
You can buy a car, you can buy many things
You can buy happiness but you can't buy wings
You can buy a parachute, you can buy a parrot
But you can't buy a pair of wings, aerodynamic
To stay cloud level
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
It's just crazy how you can have everything in the world but
You in first class but you feel like coach, damn
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach

A year ago, I was poor, somewhat
Now my future's brighter than Christopher's new haircut
Bruno Mars is still sucking dick and fucking male butts
In the same closet that Tyler Perry gets clothes from
I suck? Where the fuckin Ring Pops?
You got a better chance of getting a copy of Detox
Wolf Gang, we rock, crack rock and that shit was expected
Like Jayceon whenever he name-drop (Fuck you, Tyler)
Jesus, motherfucking Theresa
This nigga Game got Wolf Haley for this feature
My team is running shit like we have full-cleat Adidas
Getting chased by the polices on a full bred Cheetah
Bishop Eddie caught me tryna escape
Bag full of drag and a Nicki Minaj mixtape
Dragging all you fags to the back of the log cabin
Fall back like Lebron's hairline against the Mavericks, he lost
Nigga had the fucking nerve to call me immature
Fuck you think I made Odd Future for?
To wear fucking suits and make good decisions?
Fuck that nigga, Wolf Gang

Who the fuck invited Mr. I Don't Give a Fuck
Who cries about his daddy in a blog because his music sucks? (I did!)
Well, you fucking up, and truthfully I had enough
And fuck rolling papers, I'm a rebel, bitch, I'm ashing blunts (Sorry)
Full of shit, like I ate that john
Come on kids, fuck that class and hit that bong
Let's buy guns and kill those kids with dads and mom
With nice homes, 41k's, and nice ass lawns
Those privileged fucks got to learn that we ain't taking no shit
Like Ellen DeGeneres clitoris is playing with dick
I'm jealous as shit, cause I ain't got no home meal to come to
So, if you do, I'm throwing fingers out screaming "fuck you"
I got ten of these Kennedy's
Not Dom, but if I was a Dahm, I would be Jeffery
'preme hat the color of a leprechaun with leprosy
I'm fucking 'bout it, 'bout it, like I'm Master P in '96
It's fucking immaculate, the way your daughter smacking dicks
Surprised she hasn't taken gymnastic dick inside her alley oop
The Golf Wang hooligans, is fucking up the school again
And showing you and yours that breaking rules is fucking cool again
I'm going harder than a midget jumping over me
Chronic youth, I'm shoving blunt wraps in bitches ovaries
Punches to the stomach where that bastard kid supposed to be
Fuck a mask, I want that ho to know it's me, ugh

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

My love is gone for you mami, you could ride in hearses
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch, can you nurse this?
You told me life would never, ever, ever get this perfect
Then you smoke a J of weed, and take his kids to the churches
Uh, fuck church, they singing and the shit ain't even worth it
In the choir, whores and liars, scumbags and the dirt, bitch
You told me God was the answer
When I ask him for shit, I get no answer, so God is the cancer
I'm stuck in triangles, looking for my angel
Kill me with a chainsaw, and let my balls dangle
Triple six is my number, you can get it off my Tumblr

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

It was hilarious, well it ain't fucking funny now
I'll push this fucking pregnant clown into a hydrant stuck in the ground
I step through the stomach, replace the baby with some fucking pounds
"My baby daddy shoot bricks, the nigga also shoot rounds"
Cause if I shoot blanks, oops, thanks
I'm right back in it dead yummy and her mildew stank

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree, suck a couple pimple-covered dicks
Um, Wolf Gang, that's the fucking clique
Golf Wang kill them all nigga, triple six
Fuck 2DopeBoyz, all them niggas bitches
We don't need y'all, The Fader's who we really fucking with, bitch

And we don't fucking make horrorcore, you fucking idiots
Listen deeper than the music before you put it in a box, Wolf Gang
We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater
About a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop
You see my shit isn't stock
I used to piss in a pot and now I piss on the walls
Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets I have copped
But I can pay for them all
And by the model of my vehicle you know that I ball
E92, but '91 the year that Tyler was spawned
And if I crash I'm owing wheels like I'm a Vaughn or a Vince
Tiptronic stick or automatic you pick
Shit is static as shit, sure my shit is a M
Might get that X6 end, don't follow exit him
Might take a back street hidden
House got all sports cars like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious gems
Now AMG it's in boy I will eat him Benz
New engine, you got that old shit with those deep rims
You got a warranty don't care if you scratchin rims again
We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater
Sit in my passenger seat
You tell me I got too much speed
And I should slow, I should slow down
But I can't, cause you driving me wild
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes it's too much
And you can feel the beat in my heart
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes it's too much
I know some dudes that would find you that carry rugers
And shottas, and fucking shoot at your Honda
Then fucking zoom out in Mazdas
Them GOLF boys is bad for you like the food from McDonalds
Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin', boy, hakuna matata
Better watch for them hyenas if you flex then they swarm
Cashing so many checks they're calling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna ball like I was Domo O'Connor in '09
Probably September...
Boy I'm just rhyming these syllables, suck my genitals
Album cover looking like the mascot of the timberwolves
Skate park at Pemberton
Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again
Cause I kill the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman
Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking Timbaland
By pounds, I mean in (beep)
Give it till he cop brick like a wall with pig in it
And money coming out the blue
Like cops are changing fits or shit I'm killin' it
Back when Left Brain had the hightop fade
And we would go skate on them concrete waves
And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump
The beat thump, don't get it twisted boy my board's in the trunk (Skate!)
Can you roll my window up?
The fuck you turn my music down for, man?
Can you roll my window up?
Why? Damn!
Cause it's windy!
But I love it when your hair...
Blows, when it blows, when it blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when it blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches
You can say you don't want to take that drive
But your hair, it blows
I know we'll have a good time
You just gotta stop being scared
Just roll
Just come and roll with me
It's all good
Yeah, man, what's good man, you good? I've been chilling, man. I've been doing some push-ups and shit
For real?
50 a day...Oh w-w-wait...is that that nigga Tyler?
I think so
Bitch ass nigga, here he comes, man FUCK this nigga, man, this nigga stink... w-wait be quiet, be quiet
'Ight
My nigga, T, man, what's good, man, you good? Alright, I see you!
I'm good, man, I'm good, I'm good
Ay, man, I see you with your little girl sh-she looks...okay. Alright, ya'll good, man, alright! Ay, your feature don't start for another 20 minutes, so you can go get your shit up, I can go and get some shit... and I see you with your little jewels and shit too, man!
Aw thanks, man, I'm trying, man, I'm just trying
Yeah, let me know if you need anything...I got you...just...you know...yeah
Alright um...yeah we'll probably walk around and come back when the movie starts whenever
Ight, man, I'mma see you
Ight, my nigga...ight
Fucking FAGGOT, man, I swear to GOD
Yeah
This nigga bitch weak too!
Yeah, she is
God dammit! I'd still fuck!
Swag, 2011
Young Nigga

Sick to my motherfucking tummy
Bitch must think I'm a motherfucking dummy
Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke
Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money
Popping since Bastard, (manager) Clancy's my slave master
Thanks to them crackers, my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighing on Jasper
I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe
Yup, and a couple of them swallowed
Meet me half way, bitch I'm going all in
And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit
Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was a racist homophobic
So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing
Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing
You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet
(No homo. Too soon.)
And while y'all are rolling doobies
I be in my bedroom scoring movies
Still excited like a fucking newbie
Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me
Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me
A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty
Four story home, gotta climb eight set of stairs
Just to see where my fucking roof be

Wait a God damn second
I'm tripping balls, David Beckham
Would fall cause shit's going down
Just like Rodney King swimming lessons
Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perms
And purchasing weapons, naming them and aim 'em in One Direction
(wait a minute)
It sounds like midgets in a God damn speaker
Anytime you play this shit loud
But that's just me trying to get milk now
And the grunts of the god damn cow
Hit me on my beeper while Captain Hook suck my Peter
Pan camera, repeat procedure
And when the beat drop, have a goddamn seizure

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Cut it out! I said I didn’t want no goddamn lettuce. I don’t want that shit! I don’t want your goddamn lettuce. He-he
Yo, fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Nah Right
And any other fuck-nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga
Making his own fucking beats, covers, videos and all that shit
Fuck you post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-slauson rapping
Fuck-nigga-ass Hypebeast niggas, now back to the album

Well, Tyler, hi, I'm Dr. TC and um, I'm guessing that your teacher sent you here to talk cause you were misbehaving
Um, it's gonna be three sessions: today, tomorrow, and the next day
So, just tell me something about yourself...
Well, look, if you don't talk, I mean, these sessions are going to go slower

This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep
Some food for thought? This food for death, go ahead and fucking eat
My father's dead, well I don't know, we'll never fucking meet
I cut my wrist and play piano cause I'm so depressed
Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed
This meeting just begun, nigga I'm Satan's son

My mother raised me a single parent so it's apparent
That I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers
Are much important I'm getting angrier while recording
I'm feeling like the bulls, I've got a gang of wolves
Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental
Simple but probably not, fuck them

I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck
Drunk white girls the only way I'll get my dick sucked
Suspended from school, coolest nigga without effort
Easy to spot like black bitches with fake leopard
Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on
Cause this album pack enough evil
That you can't fit inside a Jansport, go to school with this

I go from AP to JC inside a fucking week
Waking up with random girls like "Yo, bitch, how the fuck we meet?"
I stay with grandma, she always bitching about her carpet
Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit
No to drugs I never spark it, I used to be bullied for honor classes
By those that were slow as molasses, take this shit to school

Raquel treat me like my father like a fucking stranger
She still don't know I made Sarah to strangle her
Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler
All because she said no to homecoming, demons running
Inside my heads telling me evil thoughts
I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares I caught, go to sleep

I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky
Fuck me the monster said, somehow the monster's dead
Inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil
With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble
I'm on my grind feeble, my music is either
A fucking sin or too illegal play this shit in church

I graduated without honors or fucking father
He died (I'm so sorry) No bitch, don't even fucking bother
I wanted a brother my mother I told her
But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada
So both of our imaginations are creations of the fucking situation
That's having our brains racing like Dayton, wearing some fucking Heelys

I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me
But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly
I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11
Seven, what's religion nigga? I am legend
I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition
I created O.F. cause I feel we're more talented
Than 40 year old rappers talking about Gucci
When they have kids they haven't seen in years, impressing their peers
With the same problem, the only way to solve them
Is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver
Life's a salad, I'm a toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it
Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious
Cause my mother let me do what I want
She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear
The shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid
My father didn't give a fuck, so it's something I inherit
My mom is all I have so it's never meet the parents
When Danielle or Milan decide to fucking share
This confused boy, I wanna hug hoy, I’m bad for you kids to listen to
Soy is not the choice, I'm bad milk, drink it

Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say
Uh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating

My wrist is all red from the cutter
Dripping cold blood like the winter, the summer
Is never that's equivalent to me and Sarah
Well that's not her fucking name, but I think this shit is clever
My niggas wanna know if I'm fucking, if I'm kissing
But I'm sitting here downing beers simply just wishing
With a tear they try to tell me but I never listen
Cause I don't give a shit like sitting down pissing
Eighteen, still talking to imaginaries
Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy
Losers can never win me, you can never offend me
My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully momma will attend the
Ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal
This my Zombie Circus, I hope the majors heard this
Fuck a deal, I just want my father's email
So I can tell him how much I fucking hate him in detail

Wow, umm, so Tyler if you had the chance to tell him something
What would you tell him?


Pharrell said "get 'em", so I got 'em
Tripped on Bristol Palin then I accidentally shot 'em
Then it ricocheted and killed the game, I'm a problem
'Cause I wanna fuck the world but not a fan of using condoms
Pardon my French, I'm going hard as my dick
When I envision my tip on the crust of bitch lips
Mr. Lipschitz has been trippin'
Since I mentioned Reptar triceratops dinosaur dick
I feel it in my gut to kill these muthafucks
Is a must, like the arm of my pits
You niggas coming shorter than a Bushwick Billy costume
On sale during Christmas in Philly
Um, well, not really, it's getting kinda chilly
Let's hit a couple bars and give some bitches wet willies
Soaked, getting jiggy with it in Bel-Air's richest
With a bag of pills, couple berries and a biscuit

I'm a fucking walking paradox
And a really shitty rapper in my favorite pair of socks
Ironed pair of dockers, two Glocks cocked screamin', "West side!"
With the speakers blastin' a pair of Pacs
Yonkers 10 milli, you're silly
Thinkin' that this 'preme wasn't free, willy
The feeling is neutral, the gang is youthful
And fuckin' tighter than Chad Hugo's pupils, it's Wolf Gang and the
B, what's happening? Nigga fuck rapping
I'm in cell 1 and 2 because I'm considering trapping
3 or 4 with some overweight groupies
And a food stamp nigga and a motherfucking hoopdy
But truthfully, I'm hungry, these rappers is lunchmeat
I laugh at AIDS victims, cold heart, fuck heat
Fuck school, do drugs, holes with no magnum, kill everyone in the industry
And drag them to the florist by the end of the chorus, so they can be alive in case
My fucking verse is boring, bass in the stairs
Stock shit like a share, I'm a virus
Having great dreams of fucking Miley Cyrus
Bitches, I bag them, jeans, I sag them
7, 8, y'all don't lay them straight, your nigga is fag them
9, 10, I'm a motherfucking sin
Turn this shit off before I say... Amen

BrandUn DeShay
Tyler, The Creator
16-Bit meets Odd Future (yep)
I mean, we really gotta stop meeting like this, Ty
(I got you, my nigga)
It's not even fair to the world
(Come on, man, we just made a classic)
From now until forever
(Forever)
Knock-knock, mothafuck it's me, Mr. Clusterfuck
What, when, where, how, like who gives a fuck
Golf Wang M-O-B, mopping niggas ante up
Ain't been this fucking sick since brain cancer ate my Granny up
Rest in peace or lie in it, life ain't got no light in it
Darker than that closet that nigga Frankie was hiding in
Open it, dope in it, Bobby where's my fucking pipe?
Dress my little dick as Ike, twenty says I hit your wife
This is life, truthfully I just want to fly some kites
Grab Salem and Slater and go around, riding bikes
Get some ice cream, Golf Wang Roscoe's for the night
To skate around and do annoying shit that older peeps despise
Nigga fuck it though, going hard as riga mo
Got a nigga dollars and a couple cracker kids at shows
Cracked a couple kids in the head with this cast
Had a blast out Europe, had a Swedish bitch licking toes
That's how it goes, designing clothes
Cats on everything, cats on everything
You think all this money will make a happy me?
But I'm 'bout as lonely as crackers that supermodels eat
Everybody's sparking but me, and I keep coughing
Can't keep calm in this spot's hot box and I'm getting nauseous
Hop in the car, ride to Saugus, and head straight to the office
Pissed off at Jasper because that's some faggot shit called "Pink Dolphin"
I roll here on a mean unicorn
Green hat, Vans, Golf top is the team uniform
Downing that Capri Sun, tighten my bandana up
Something like a lez, I'm forgetting my damn manners cause

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy

When you're alone thoughts start coming in
Punching in that dark lock box and they start rummaging
Shit you've got to battle with, wishing they could skedaddle
But it makes your shadow say none, fun and grab the gun again
I needed to get out of the house
So I hit the Dead Sams, and we went biking it out
In a black hoodie, with an Arizona and a bag of Skittles
Just to see what all that fucking hype is about
Now everytime you see a roach you think of me, ay?
Cause everytime I see one I think what his parents would say
In court saying I ate him, I wasn't present that day
I was with Whitney smoking, sitting at the dock of the bay

Do you know how weird it is knowing I make a bunch of cheese
While my friends can't afford little pizzas from Little Caesars
And their whole goal is to roll up and smoke bowls
So I don't feel bad when they not eating
(But you still treating us, you punk bitch)
Wolf Haley got more methods than Pinkman
I'm never civil, fuck Lincoln, 'Preme out the bag it's no wrinkles
I'm okie dokie and loopy and booboo nana and caca
If you think I'm fucking koo-koo, try talking to my shrink then

"Hey..."
"Bitch."
"I'm right here."
"Yo, who's that..?"
"That's Salem, that's my girlfriend. You stay the fuck away from her alright?"

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy
Sawed-off, I eat those
These clothes, they free though
Straight from the back of the Supreme store
Don't give a fuck about these hoes--
Hold on, hold on, hold on, run that shit back!
(This is a DJ Stankdady exclusive!)
I want the black kids to like me for this one, man
Trashwang! Woah!
Illegal CIV!
Trashwang! Yo!
Golfwang!
Trashwang!

Trash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, yeah, them niggas is swell
Tighter than a straight nigga going to jail
Locked in a box, nigga, off them socks
I can finally afford the bail
My bitch isn't bad
She's pretty normal looking with a real nice ass
Now hop off my dick, what it be
Bitch, Mob, Task, Force, Lil, B, nigga
Speaking of the devil
Y'all niggas cornier than kettle
Y'all couldn't smoke crack or heroin
In a Black Ops plane and reach my level
Ate some bugs and I made some carats
Fuck y'all niggas' bullshit, y'all cherish
I'm 21, I threw a party but…
Difference is, y'all didn't have a Ferris
Wheel

Might fuck around and be a goat named Felicia
Sorry, got a little excited
It's probably all the meth Walt Jr. provided
Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Red Riding Hood is pissed
Somebody tell Megan and Sara to come and suck a-

rash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Odd Future Wolf Gang bruh we Kill 'Em All
Golf Wang sticker on that Trash Wang
Nigga knows that OF popping -- Loiter Squad, Flog Gnaw
OFWGKTA yeah you niggas know them seven letters long
Yeah, Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Golf Wang up in this bitch
Litter Life up in this bitch
OFM, banging on your motherfuckin' FM
Nigga, fuck you thought this was, nigga?
Haha
Click-click (gunshot)
What the fuck was that
Got all the black bitches mad cause my main bitch vanilla
She tryna get her groove back like Stella, grab the umbrella
When it comes to your perception of my shit, I'm Helen Keller
When it comes to the perfection of my shit, I know you smell the
Rectum, I'm like a chromosome, I always X 'em
Like Wolverine stepson attacking a deadly weapon
I'm opening a church to sell coke and Led Zeppelin
And fuck Mary in her ass...
Yo, I'm fucking Goldilocks up in the forest
In the three bear house eating their mothafuckin' porridge
I tell her it's my house, give her a tour
In my basement, and keep that bitch locked up in my storage
Rape her and record it, then edit it with more shit
Octopussy special effect the wet bitches be banging
And please never disrespect my set
With Canons hanging from our necks like it's a mothafuckin' circus

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

I guess I left my dignity up in the cupboard
Cause every girl I'm digging, when I'm digging in her pussy
I'm never using a rubber
But fuck it, I guess I got to stretch it out like it was flubber
And leave it dripping green and red like double cheese burgers
Chewing on cum like bubble gum from Hubba
This bitch knew dick like Bubba knew shrimp, yeah
Yo, I'm seventeen, already sniffing blow
I tell my friends it's asthma every time I start to itch my throat
I got a new show for MTV, "Pimp My Boat"
Because some bitch said my semen was dirty, that silly ho
The most that they can do is fine me, I'm hiding
Somewhere where Chris Stokes can't find me
Oh no Mr. Stokes, I don't like misters, no
Don't tell R. Kelly where my little sister go

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

Crusing in my go-kart at Walmart selling cupcakes
Go ahead admit it, faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape
That involve Ballpark Franks and silver duct tape
Pornos and hormones and boxes of DiGiorno
You homos is loco, you're probably drinking Cuervo
With some vatos with the door closed watching Zorro
You homos

O.F., yes
(So, are you dating anyone right now? You know, or..)
No, I'm just playing the field, just for now
(Ah, so I'm guessing she's white, since she's 'vanilla'
Hahah)
Hey you, whatcha doin' and why you runnin'?
Supposed to fly and take control cause you're the pilot
You can't swim, you're gonna drown, the sharks are comin'
The sky's your home, there's no limit, you know you gotta
Find your wings (Fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)
(My lil nigga, the world is yours, birdy)
Let's just run away from here (cause it's not, cause it's not)
Working out on Earth, my dear (cause It's not, cause it's not)
What you really want girl (ooh)
My heart stops pumping blood, when I see you (I see you, when I see you)
But try to play it cool because (I like you, I really like you)
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me...
Let's move to California
Right now (pack your bags, go pack your bags)
I have wings on my back, so we don't (take the plane, have to take the plane)
Girl, I know you ready, I can see it in your eyes
(Boy, I know you're not, I can tell you're terrified)
Oh, nobody has to know and if they did, they wouldn't care
(When you rub my hands switching fifth gear)
Forget about it baby, let's not waste our afternoon (forget about it baby)
Cause we're gonna go fly to the moon (we're gonna go flyin' to the moon)
Yeah, but anyway (Pack your bags, did you pack your bags)
Leave your crew, bring your coat, cause it’s cold (leave your crew, bring your coat)
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me (ohh)

Suckin' on my ears, fingers rubbing through your hair
Fastwind, slowwind, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably couldn't tell but I be blushing when you with me
When you kiss me, swear to God, blood was rushing to my Jimmy, oh
Laying on my trampoline, looking at the stars
From my fake space fog machine
Laying on my arm, it's dead
From the pressure of your head
I said I loved you, said it back
Like it was scripted, but you meant it
Like the flavor of that lemonade
That we was sippin on our sushi-ridden dinner date
Oh, you think you special now?
Other bitches trippin' now
Cause we're fleeing to the moon
Fuck Earth, man we sick of y'all
Wings on my backs and we ain't gotta cop a ticket, nah, nah, nah
Now when I first saw you
I could tell you was the one
That I've been searchin' for
I needed somethin' that was like the Sun
Now all my flowers grow
Right now my life, it blooms, baby
You're my favorite color, my favorite color
My favorite color's you
It's like the endless summer, endless summer
Whenever I'm with you
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Yeah
How you doing today?
Yeah
Yeah
Ace the Creator, man
Look
Casey Veggies
Odd Future, look
Look

Hello, the hype is so mellow
Bitch I'm dope but my pipe is so yellow
The blue polka dots, pink stripes and it's pink on the title
Nigga fuck your role model bitch, I'm my own idol and
If you can't face it my nigga, you can ass it
My accessorize accessories bring out my assets
Nigga they sound on acid, tablets
Stussy’s G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses
I suffer from ADHD
I should win a fucking award for being me
Beat banging the tom-toms
My producer selection is fresh nigga, fuck Vons
Ace the underdog, thrown them on the back bender
Cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender
Eating Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off
And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off
Step one: pull your panties down and start to piss off
Step two: run to your radio, turn this shit off
Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help
So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me
With Gucci belts, Gucci imprint from leather welts

Ace, the Creator, man
Casey Veggies, yo
Odd Future, nigga
Get used to it
Hey, I’m gonna slow it down real quick for you

I'm so dapper man, funky fresh Dapper Dan
I'm your favorite rapper, fan, it's an honor to shake my hand
On award tour, on excursions, I'm a virgin of swap meets
I'm so pure, so sick it's no cure
I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at?
The hat, the crew, the t-shirt is Supreme
God, goodness gracious
I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces
That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing
Fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew them niggas is racist
Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook
So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book"
And all them "books" is pissed off and had their page in a bunch
Fuckin' attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts
But, I'm a fraud I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashin'
While me and my favorite author's lips tickle
Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens
Tyler, The Creator fuckin' kill you with a popsicle
Cold blooded so we rock mittens so they won't find him
Not kiddin' keep the Tommy on me bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I seem off, last time that team talked
Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'preme off
Should've bought some stock in it
(Yo it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it)
Not Golf when the little homies don't, wait,let's weigh my options
I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention
Ain't give none to Hopsin,and dear Boyce Watkins
Why you mad? It's the slave in me
It's facts boy I'm back like Rosa Parks's least favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T'
While y'all niggas watchin' the throne, the throne be watching me
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigger nigger on the wall
Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball
Tyler, the dark skin, arrested in Austin
Cops know who I was cause their kid said the show was awesome
How many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely
Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious
That everybody on this fucking planet lackin' confidence
How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!)
Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me
T a great director nigga's vision must be blurry
Boy I get them epic shots like jaywalkin' in Missouri
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
Well can't somebody bring my album out so I can hear one
Pour me a drink, shit I don't know what to think
Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
See why nobody got they hands up, see that's the issue
Oh I don't need the metronome bro
(Ey)
When you wanna be, ahh
When you eat all the cheese in the store
In the the store, in the store, in the store, yeah, yeah yeah
Alright

(It's this girl)
She lives next door, to the store that I loiter at
We talk every night, she cry to me about her guy
And if we text I get pissed when I get no reply
(It's this girl)
I know that she's the key to love
She is who I'm thinking of when I am beating Richard up
To mental images her face look
The closest that I got was when I'm poking her on Facebook
(This girl)
Video chats are so exciting
'Cause it's like she is inviting me to her world full of privacy
I'm getting gassed up, I think she's liking me
She's gullible and I just wanna take it like a pirate (arrrrgh!)
(It's this girl)
I see her in class
Not really, two doors down, but anytime that I pass
To take a piss in a stall, I picture us in the hall
Locking lips on the wall, her hand grabbing my dick
My left hand on her tits, ah my shit's getting hard
From thoughts of dating this bitch
(It's this girl)
Her name is my password, fuck
(This girl)

All my niggas got they bitches and stuff
But all the bitches they fuck, are known as bitches and sluts
But she's special, I know to y'all I come off as rough
But I'm the nicest to her, and I just want to concur
A relation, I want the cheesy dates at the movies
And stupid walks at the beach, and sharing straws in a cup
I never had that, so when we holding hands walking home
I look past that, the fact that she's fucking guys that I hate
(This girl)
But, things are looking great, cut copy
Last time we talked she said that her relationship was rocky (Action)
Now that Mr. Faggot's gone, there's no one that can stop me
From bagging her, I got these tickets to the Roxy
(Girl)
Next day, metro's taking me home
I see her in the cut at Wendy's, but she's not alone
Who's that guy? Wait, why the fuck he 'bout to kiss her? (Shit)
Come to find out she got back with her nigga
(It's this girl)

(Damn!)
Fuck
(It's this girl)
Another one
It's not the first time
(It's this girl)

She's so pretty, fuck self-pity, I feel so shitty
I wanna text her in a jealous rage
But if she reply to say anything, I'ma smile, I know
What do I do with myself?
Sit in my room for some days?
Play Xbox with piles full of wet socks? Fuck that
(Girl)

My nigga ask, "Ace, what happened to such and such?"
I could slander her name, and then tell him I probably fucked
Or I could tell him the truth and just say she ain't like me much
But instead, I lie and say she moved to Nebraska

(It's this girl)
But she's not mine

Papa ain't call even though he saw me on TV, it's all good (Fuck you)
But now my balls, balls deep in this broad's jaw
Swallow girl, it's just nut
Bitches scared to let me smash on they ass
Yeah, they heard I'm fuckin' nuts like the swag of a fag
Like me and Tekeli was gagging in the back of the cabin
Camp Flog Gnaw, nigga, you can tell by the badge
(Hodgy, pass me my inhaler)
I'm sick of hacking and coughing, I'm often this fucking awesome
I'm animal, Noah's arking, all from this rapping nonsense
Four stories in my home like "What the fuck's an apartment?" (nigga?)
Get shit poppin' like Peter's pores during puberty
Take bets on how quick Tyler can reach maturity
Cussing out Siri like a waitress with no patience
Oh, you want a tip bitch, well here's my dick for gratiturity, bitch

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

I tumble-crush on huzzy sluts, give money up then nutty butt
Professor Nutty Buddy Klump gets petty when you touch his lunch
Like, what the fuck? I'm drunk as fuck, turn the fucking music up
So I can't hear these stupid fucks, talk-no-walk, let you discuss
You're talking too much, Who the fuck are you to us? Uterus
I put that on my pubes and nuts, if I don't begin moving up
I'm shooting up, you and her crew on turf, new desert
I can see the bitch in a nigga through his shirt
I can smell the whore on a bitch when she walk around my crew to flirt
It's on ya' shoulder, lose the dirt, yeah, it's the movement first
Fuck a human nurse! I'm ill I used this earth to infuse the birth
Of my scrotum on the Channel 10 news, my only motive is to
Skip to my Lou, get hip to the pew
You can drink piss and eat a dick in a few, the sickening view
Of visuals, woo, I'll eat your ribs, I'm a wolf
Then meet your kids after school, and give them drugs cause it's cool, fucker

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

Hodgy, fuck this beat, nigga, let's smoke weed
That shit I need, be the shit that's green
A little purple and pink, come get some Swisher Sweets
About three or four more than needed be
I got a eighth I could face, I got a blunt flavored grape
I hate the grape, I could taste it when I'm inhaling the vapes
You could smell us in places when we walk in our clothing is always covered in flakes
Enough for two shake blunts; and what the fuck is this? Uh...
I think this Mary is laced; my heart is beating at paces
That Pacquiao can't relate I'm fucking faded like gradients
Shit, I'm stuck like tape that's super glued
To the center of Kelly Price first waist
It's like my first date with Mrs. Mary, the shit is scary
The paranoia from this marijuana's very heavy, I'm lifted
Fainted by my fifth hit, Lionel, pass the sherm
Let's use the Philly as a dipstick for this bath salt, you dipshit


Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me
Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me

Yeah, uhm
All I needed was a stick, grab the marshmallows
Motherfuckers getting lynched and burned
I earned it, my Flog Gnaw badge is looking good
On this brand new jacket
The donuts on the flag waving over the cabin
Now grab them graham crackers and pass them over here
Hurry, quickly I need a piece of Hersheys
Darker than the corners of the bushes we be lurking
I centered the mellow over the graham
Heated it too long now, it's melting over my hand
Fuck it, I'll bite it, I burnt it, but I liked it
Camping with my niggas, its so fucking exciting

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

Pop some Tame Impala, your man got a lame Impala
(It'll get dark outside soon)
And I'm sharing Slurpees and you ain't even begin to swallow
You’re fucking nuts, green top we coupled up
Run my fingers through em as you wax and buff my muffler
Cause I fingered you, you think the fucking ring is coming up?
(Where the street lights trail, Oooooooo)
Maybe, I don’t know, I think you’re chill
(Ride for)
Riding on my pegs, and my back against your legs
And a seatbelt is needed if I get between 'em, yeah

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
You got a lot of drive I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer, smash
You remind me of my bimmer

Where you been, man?
Oh, I had a drop off to make real quick. Hey, have you seen Salem?
Oh she with that new dude, Wolf, or, Darnell, whatever his name is
Fuck that nigga, man. Hey you know where they went?
I seen 'em going down by the lake
What the fuck!
You good man? You need some sherm? I got some
I got a can of these baked beans too
So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well
Well, first off...

My only problem is death
Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect
Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret
Talking to me is like a fucking body missing a neck
But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off
Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked
My hands tremble, my finger slipped, the wall's red
Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

When I was younger, I would smile a lot
I'm getting older, getting bolder, but a wiser top
Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of Budweiser tops
Life is a movie and you're just a prop
They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
My father called me to tell me he loved me—
I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me
Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me
I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me
Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant
Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it
Because I am the devil, fucker, get on my level
Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers
My life is Ms. Mon-unique Parker, but a little darker
I'll see you in a couple, OF

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

Tyler, here's some water, man. You seem a little tense. How's Thebe?

All because a nigga just don't give a fuck
Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up
But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up
That's what you should've did before that nigga bust, huh
Feel like I missed my little brother growing up
Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up
But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up
I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bruh
Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up
But I never had a drink— (Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!)
My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough
I won't feel the feelings I be feeling when I'm sobered up
But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that? I'm
As emotionally straight as Travis when he--(Tyler, calm down)
Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fucking cry
About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die
I finally had a family
Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley?
Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me
But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me?
Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death
One ear I got kids screaming, "O.F. is the best"
The other ear I got Tron Cat, asking where the bullets and the bombs at
So I can kill these levels of stress, shit
They say that I'm shock value
How about you hop off cock and turn volume down?
I haven't got around to telling my mom shit (why?)
Cause I don't know how to...(whoa)
All I want is her support, but no, it's the fights at home
When mommy cusses out cousin, some knifes get shown
Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown
And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone
Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone
Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack
For the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees
And deodorant like his house is my home
I could live with the same hat
And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack
And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday
Where I skate with the same fucking friends that
Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh
"Message from The GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat"
Email full of emails, I never write back
Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems

One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops
I'm blowin' them flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers
You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers
I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches
I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human
Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys
You niggas can't harm me cause y'all know that
We at the fuckin' Dirty like it's laundry (Tyler, calm down)
Nigga, get off me

Fuck off me man, fuck (what's gotten into you?)
I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times
Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (yeah, you...)
It's like I got a fucking voice in my head
Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (yeah, what's this?)
I don't fucking know, man (what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?)
He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fucking do (what's his name?)
Tron Cat
Suck it up, cock it up
Time is when the clock is up
Cause you don't have to talk for us to chop it up (chop it up?)
Freezer burn, erection when I see you squirm
For me not to get inside your face I'm the newest dermatologist
Blood on my shirt no one acknowledged it
From teenage babes leaving dates I got to followin
Swallow it, clean it off, polish it
Axe you up in the back of my shack, fuck some hollow tips
Throw you in my deep creek of self-esteem on some shallow shit
The Kids used to tease now I'm hiding in the leaves of the trees where the school where their teen daughter attend
I grab them by the pelgro throw them in the passenger
To balance up the color of my van it matches egg yolk
My only fucking way to calm down, the view of dead folk
"This movie fuckin sucks"
Because the pay per view is dead ho now shut the fuck up and work magic with esophagus
Odd, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang

I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox — no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been gettin' intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin'

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks; that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane at that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want – fuck money, diamonds, and bitches; don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again! Another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead
I never would've thought that
Feelings could get thrown in the air
Cause I accidentally caught that
I need some new boxing gloves, shit got hectic whenever I fought back
For example, ten minutes can't go past without you brushing my thoughts
That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty four times
I think about you or something like that
Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else
I don't like that; cellular convos getting left in the wrong
Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back
This isn't a song, I just happen to rhyme when I get emo
And find time to write facts (fuck)
I love you

Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow
Yeah, that's good

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

Girl, you fucking with my emotions
The fuck is all this noise about?
I even considered picking up smoking
You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out?
But in my dog house
My bitch is the raddest
Crazy who makes me the happiest
Can make me the saddest
Look Alice
Let's get lost in your wonder-er-land fuck an atlas
You're perfectly perfect for me
What the fuck is this, practice?
Actually, if you even consider leaving
I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathing
And you'll see the meaning of stalking
When I pop out the dark to find you
And that new dude that you're seeing with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck up your evening
Make sure you never meet again like goddamn vegans
Cause when I hear your name I can not stop cheesing
I love you so much that my heart stops beating when you're leaving
And I'm grieving and my heart starts bleeding
Life without you has no goddamn meaning
Sorry—I'm passive-aggressive for no goddamn reason
It's that my mood change like these goddamn seasons
I'll fall for you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled
Yeah

C'mon baby
Even though I hate you
I still love you
I love you
And Salem, my love (I know)
I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck)
(Come here)
I like when we hold hands
(You're the best around)
See I get jealous (fuck)
And if I see that nigga (If I see him)
I just might kill him (look)
(Look. I wanna strangle you, till you stop breathing)
Love, love, love
(Spend the rest of my life, looking for air)
(so you can breathe, or we can die together, you and me)
(Fuck, look)
I'm in love (Love)

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

"Yo, why is Samuel such a fucking dick?"
"He isn't such a badass actually. He's only here because he ran away, because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb"
"Yo, what happened?"
I was 16 when we first laid eyes
Scrawny little fucker, yeah, I was that guy
And you was down for the weekend
I was down for the greetings
And you eyes the same color shit that Jasper be chiefing
Couple freckles on ya noses, roses made you blush
Gentleman I was like I wasn't tryna fuck
But it was my first official date so I was stuck, like
It was past curfew, and we was at the Grove
And it was raining, and I had to be home
And then you grab my hand, talking about tryna get home safe or something
All I remember was your motherfucking face

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You gotta a nigga sprung, whenever I’m holding your hand and
Making eye contact I feel like the damn man
Cause even though I am and get round of applauses
I’m insecure and start to think that I do not stand chance
But, moments, wish that I can own it or lease it or clone it
Cause holding your fingertips is golden
I fucking love you, now treat my palms like a bowling ball and
Grip and keep holding on girl

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You got a nigga...Wait
Don't think this is going to work
Things got complicated and a couple feelings got hurt
I haven’t talked to you in a couple of days
I got too comfortable
And started to think that we was really a couple
But hey, (fuck you) at least there was time spent
But by the time you hear this you won't know what these rhymes meant
But when you realize, its awkward, your name still my password
So I’m always fucking reminded
You got a nigga sprung

You're my girlfriend.. you're my girl (whether you like it or not!)
You're my girl.. you're my girlfriend, you're my girl girlfriend
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girl (Shit, I know that you're not)
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girlfriend
You're my girl.. oooo
You're my, you're my Girl
Ooooo girlfriend... girlfriend..
You're my girlfriend you're my girl girlfriend you're my girl
You're my girlfriend
I don't want you thinking I love you 'cause I stay
Girl I really like you and happy we got laid
I think about your windows like two times in a day
I'm a pervert with a purpose, like priest who just got saved
Kissing, kissing, I'm on a mission of licking
The holy grail of your body, when you be kissin', Mrs
This is a kid from Africa, you, you are a kitchen
I come quicker than pitches from Sammy Sosa
You hoping I'm joking, but first
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
Your pussy tighter than door hinges
I munch you like sandwiches
But not any more 'cause I'm on tour, so
Look: FaceTime your clit, I will jack off my dick
I go hard, shit, I might need ice pack on my wrist
Fucking, I'm pumping, you know it's coming
Bust in a couple of seconds, I'm sweating, I leave you slump
In the back of my truck, butt naked, suck it out of me
I leave you with nothing, get it?
This is what you wanted, this is what you came for
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry (Cherry Bomb)
Make me feel like 4th of July
(Can't breathe)
Cherry
You light my fireworks
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry bomb
Got the bops in the house, socking bitches in they mouth
See my neck? Iced the fuck out! (I'm getting money, nigga!)
She at the fucking mall, 40 bitches on my nutsack
I pulled up on a mothafuckin' unicorn (I'm getting ponies, nigga)
Wolf Gang, nigga! Scream that 'til they mothafuckin' show me death
Golf Wang, nigga! Free Earl better show some motherfuckin' respect
All this ice around my neck, all this ice around my dick
Gun to her head, make your bitch massage my shoulders

Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Yo, yo, Jasper, Taco, y'all my niggas, man
I love y'all niggas, I'm sorry
(*Gunshot*)
Ow! What the fuck?!
Geek, fag, stupid loser, find a rope to hang
I'm not bipolar, see I'm just known by those couple names
I wanna tell my pops but shit, he'll probably say the same
Fuck...
Hated by everyone, that's the way it seems
I don't know what's shorter, his damn temper or my self esteem
I sit in my room and I listen to tunes, I'm amused alone
Cause none of the cool kids would let me join a team
Depression's on the stalk again
My best friend's an inhaler because it will not let me cough
Whenever I am losing oxygen, bully hand around my neck
Cause he felt disrespected when I decided to talk again
I brought that on myself, see I should know my place
But not at lunchtime, see I know better than to show my face
Around them, but the day I do it'll be everywhere
When I share these feelings finally they gon' fucking care

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Murder, murder, m-murder the last they heard of you
Was when I... "uh" with all them burners, you
Think that I'm some punk bullied bitch who ain't gon' trouble you
Well, I'm gonna burst your bubble two times if you dont mind
Umm "Who are you again?" I'm Samuel and that's Tyler
We came to get wild and style in these trench coats!
Don't start asking what's packing in these trench coats!
Just know if you start acting, I'm grabbing for these trench coats!
My step-father called me a fag
I'll show him a fag, and I'll light a fire up in his ass
And recently them assholes been fucking with me in class
So I'ma keep them muhfuckers there and make sure they pass huh
My prom date, she dismissed my offer
So I'mma [fuck] her and toss her in the principal's office
(Tyler, I'll go with you)
Oh, now you wanna conversate with me try to be my friend? (Where are my parents at?-) Don't worry, you'll probably never see them again

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum. bum. bum. burumrumrumrum bum bum bum
Bum bum bumbumbumbum, hehe
We are the Sams, and we're dead -- it's just four of us
We come in peace, we mean no harm, and we're inglorious
We took their heads but we just took back what they took from us
I guess we lost ours

Music had nothing to do with my final decision
I just really wanted somebody to come pay me attention
But nobody would listen, but stuffed animals that I had
Since I was a kid but I'm growing up so they're missing
I didn't mean to hurt anybody, I'm sorry
I wouldn't hurt a fly or consider joining the Army
I'm hardly ever angry, Roger Rabbit framed me
Momma I'm the same fucking kid that you made, see?
I don't wanna go to jail, I just wanna go home
And I want them fucking kids at school to just leave me alone
And I... I hear helicopters make a dip
I'm fucking reloaded -- I told you all that I ain't taking shit
You better back up before this Mac start to lift up
I'll pump it like my inhaler when asthma begin to act up
The difference between us and our class is tan khakis
I got 99 problems and all of them's being happy
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Your garden is full from raking these hoes
A handful of green and a couple of stones
Your lawn mower's foreign, you rent you a home
But nigga, how much of that shit do you own?
See me, I don't compromise
I know my accomplishments
Fuck all yo compliments
Bitch I got confidence
I don't need your approval, my nigga you suck
I do not have to adjust to stunt
Don't talk don't jump don't cheer just shut the fuck up
You're speedin' and gleamin' and stuntin' so Evel Knievel
You beaming and circle in bimmers you hoping them niggas’ll see it
Results may vary, my chain, its not too heavy
I'll rather pedal smooth on my bike than to crash in that Bugatti
But back to the garden, Niggas gone do you dirty
Already started, killing your flowers
It seems impossible, it's the new slave apocalypse, so sad and obvious that
All y'all stupid niggas got the whips and no drive
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
You gotta keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
You gotta keep the o's
Keep da o's
You gotta keep the o's (keep the o's)
Cause you never know when it's over
You want the doors that go up
You want the girls with the big butts
You want the diamonds, you want the stones
You gotta stunt on these niggas
Stunt on these niggas one time
Find your wings
Find your wings
Find your wings
And fly
Cause you'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly (learn)
Let me tell you what I want you to do
What I want you to do
You'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly
(Learn)
Keep the o's
I'm rapping about diamonds, and cars, and money now
What the fuck has gotten into me, man
I can grab the fireworks, and soda, all the cookies we can eat
Make you nauseous, but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek
We could sneak away, fuck it, you can bring an eighth
I'm not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby; сould you meet me by the lake?
Said bring a towel, well baby meet me by the lake
Bathing suit, it's going down, shit just meet me by the lake
We could count the shooting stars, well could you meet me by the lake?
Summer never has to end with me

I packed a couple sandwiches inside that basket
And brought some extra towels if anyone was asking
We should take a dip in that lake quick and then split
Then do something that's beyond what we both can imagine

Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, grab a drink
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, look in the sky
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, we never have to leave
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (We can stay here)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (All night long)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (Look)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (Let's go to sleep)
We're here, all night, school is in session
Look, you know, the water's pretty deep, let's go to sleep
You wouldn't do that Tyler, kill yourself or anyone. You don't even have the balls to begin with. What you need is me, someone to talk to, uh, it's been a while since our last session. So, tell me what's been going on

I'm not a fucking role model (I know this)
I'm a 19 year old fucking emotional coaster with pipe dreams
Since Kanye tweeted telling people he's bumping all of my shit
These mothafuckas think I'm 'sposed to live up to something? Shit
I'm still jacking off and proceeding my life careless
But getting more pussy cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris (as you should)
Philly to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares
At skateparks and airports all in a year, it's weird
Yonkers dropped and left them craniums mindfucked
Now competition missing like that nigga my mom fucked
He still hasn't called me yet (that's not your fault)
But that's a whole fucking different argument, shit, I got over it
And a couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy
A couple hot pockets and grandma could stop cooking
Them nasty ass collard greens, pressure's on me like this top hat
Bastard intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that?

"Tyler, you'll top it, you'll top that, you're a very capable individual"
"Okay, you guys caught me, I'm not a fucking rapist or serial killer, I lied"
"You know, you just want attention, you'll be fine"
"I try too hard, huh?"
"No, you don't"

Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet
The 'preme shit is free and I don't drink, so fuck a wine set
Nigga, fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity
I'm fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity
Oh, that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshiper
Cause I'm too fucking ignorant to do some research?
I'm the star of the group (Yeah)
So no one else gets the respect that they deserve cause of you
(Bastard was good though) What you think I record it for?
To have a bunch a critics call my shit a bunch of horrorcore?
Like I didn't make "Parade" or "Inglorious"
Cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fucking feel?
Of course they only listen to lyrics about me pissin' off
In the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off (I bet)
Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissing waiver (here)
Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they full of flavor

"Can't they just be happy for me like, a kid with nothing, living out his dreams? Why they got to fucking hate?"
"I think everyone's happy, everyone's immature, everyone loves you Tyler, you have to believe that."
"I don't even skate anymore, I'm too fucking busy, I can barely kickflip now."
"Why? Why is that? Do you not have any free time at your home?"
"What the fuck you mean I'm not talented? You see the shit that I've been doing?"
"I have, I mean you're a great person."
"I mean, I'm not that great of a rapper but as a whole, I'm pretty cool, right?"

People excited, thinking shit is so tight (For what?)
Getting co-signs from rappers that I don't even like
What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic?
And start Jackson him off until his cack blasting off? (No...)
Fuck that, (Yeah) These niggas ain't fucking with me
Cause I don't listen to the Immortal of Tech-of-the-nique
And all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak
On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week
I'd rather listen to Badu and Pusha the T
And some Waka Flocka Flame instead (All that shit) of that real hip hop
That's bull-of-the-sheet, but they want to critique
Everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released
But they don't get it, (They don't, it's not made for them) cause it's not made for them
The nigga that's in the mirror rapping, it's made for him
But they do not have the mindset that's same as him
I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him

"It is, but Tyler, you're going to have to cut down on that "faggot" word, that's very, that's a bad...
"I'm not homophobic."
"I mean, I don't think you are but..."
"Faggot."
"Alright, well, since the last time we..."
"The fuck is a good performance? I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can."
"I mean, you, you, it seems like you have fun. But your Twitter posts, just.. I mean, they're really random and it's ADD."
"Who doesn't have ADD..? Well, I don't."
"I mean, sometimes, you're just really out in the distance and we just want to know, what's the problem for this?"
"I wish Thebe was here."

Therapy's been sinning and niggas getting offended
They don't want to fuck with me cause I do not fuck with religion
You see, that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen
Here, put this middle finger in your ear (I'd rather not)
When someone gets blamed cause some white kid had aimed (What?) his AK-47
At 47 kids, I don't wanna see my name mentioned
(I don't think anyone's going to men—I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you.)
College wasn't working and I wasn't working
So I was at home jerking off until my dick was hurting
But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait
Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learning shit (I mean, you...)
Now I'm living dreams that I wanted since eight
And can afford to get my mother something on her birthday
(I mean, you've explained to me that you were in school, but, I mean, I...)
They claim the shit I say is just wrong
Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone
I'm just a teenager, who admits he's suicide prone
My life is doing pretty good, so that date is postponed for now
Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen
And when she gives you lemons, nigga, throw 'em at pedestrians
(So, what are you saying, take advantage?
I mean, you've been doing pretty good, I've seen that)
I still live in my grandma's house
Sell out a fucking show in London just to end up on couches
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement
My hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then
And then I am confused if I want in or just out
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling
I sit in grandmother's living room and just pout
And shout loud inside, sometimes I just want to die (No, you don't)
Odd Future came from the bottom
And it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em
(I believe you) All you fucking lames don't have to like me
The devil doesn't wear Prada, I'm clearly in a fucking white tee

Whoa, umm, alright, uh, so Syd was telling me you went to New York...

So, what's going on, Wolf? Talk to me, man. People worry, we hear stories about you getting into fights and all this unnecessary bullshit. What's on your mind? Talk to me, I'm here

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (Wolf Gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Mama got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name (Rest in peace)
Too soon

Uh, my nigga Slater, yeah that's my little pony
Little homies is repping like I been fucking with Kony
Nigga Phillip and Kobi, to my niggas that know me
Ya boy seem happy as fuck but truthfully ya boy lonely
Nigga's a target for marketing, he's an artist
Can't even walk into Target without botherin customers botherin
Asking me for a picture, can I talk to they sister?
Naw nigga, get lost, you're fucking smothering
God I wanna quit, but I can't
'Cause mother and sister can't pay the rent
Four stories with storage, I'm 21 with a mortgage
And touring's paying the bills, life is paying for thrills
Lifes' a bitch bruh but from the third-floor man, she's gorgeous
A year ago I was broke, now how can I afford this?
I started off with disposables, now I have an assortment
And I'm using these negatives to develop a portrait
Now the frame is a pain in the ass to get it in
Without a scratch or stain on the glass, but that's not important
Just as long as it's printed, and I hinted it is
And when I get it I'll make sure you get a copy, bitch
Shit I'll even add a signature with the fuckin' pic-ature
I'll even tell you the film I used, and the aperture

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (Gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Mama got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name
Too soon

Grandmother died, didn't cry not a tear
Not gonna lie, fucking weird no water dripped out the eye
But when I got the news, yup it left your boy stuck
'Cause when my mom dipped, she was the one that gave me a fuck
Mom calling and calling, I'm on my way to a show
I answer, she crying, saying, "Sadie is dying"
The doc said she only had a week for us to speak
Before she deceased, cause cancer was just eating her cheeks up
Fuck, nah this is really awkward for me, bruh
I hang the phone up, and adjust my seat back
And started to think, like, "What the fuck just happened?"
I never had a death and I just seen her a week ago
Meet them at the hospital I should
In between the set of BADBADNOTGOOD
Lionel asked what happened I said it's bad bad, not good
Just take me to the Cedars-Sinai off of Oakwood
Getting there, family sitting center chair
Awkward in the lobby, it was floating in the thinning air
Getting there, need a sticker saying how I got in there, there's a room
Open up the curtain, she's just sitting there, hello
Our conversation's brief, couldn't even make eye contact when we speak
Lookin' at her you could tell all she had was weak
And I'm not talkin' days bruh, I'm talkin' 'bout her strength
I sat there 20 minutes tops, hoping it was just a fucking plea that she could cop
She died that night

Dr. TC: Oh, that's heavy man, I'm sorry for your loss
Tyler: Yeah, whatever, don't worry about it...
Dr. TC: Last time I seen Sammy, he was lookin' for you
Tyler: Fuck that nigga Samuel
Dr. TC: Uhh, have you seen him?
Tyler: Nah, but if I seen that nigga I woulda killed him
Rollin' in a golden Tacoma, the shit's stolen
If that bitch tell on me, I'mma do a fuckin' drive-by in her colon with my meat
Gotta keep it obsolete like Chris Brown when Rihanna got her fuckin' ass beat
Fuck Jeeves ask me for advice, if I'm not reading a Vice
I'm squatting down, picking cracker bitches scalp for some lice
Everything that I write is dope because the pipe
And nope you can't have a hit unless you gimme the light
We be burning Dutty Rocks with a light switch
Bitch nigga, you about as hard as a dike's clit
I'm goin as hard as Bishop Eddie Long's John
After I bought a Sidekick and sent that fag some nice pics
They say I try too goddamn hard
No shit, I want a Grammy you damn retard
You can't be great when you settle for a flea bargain
Unless you're a thrift hipster bitch in a leotard
Painless
Hodgy lost his motherfucking mind because the brain left
Wolf Gang got the ink on me now it's banged out
Box Logo hoodie, still haven't got the stains out
Congress
I guess I'm fuckin' with the best blondes
Um yes, I am now beating off to mom sex
Raquel is wrestling a prom dress
While me and Ray Charles have a fucking staring contest
To all the step dads in here
Trip-six kids got you motherfucks scared
It could be worse, nigga that's absurd
Nigga I am at Pharrell's tryna butt fuck nerds
This just in, Tyler the Creator and Justin Bieber
Was just in the room flippin' Selena Gomez
Go 'head, give some, pucker up
I'll fuck her up until the kids come in, umm
After Tron Cat I got the rat shook
And I ain't even have a hook
For the white kids to sing along
I don't wanna sing a song, fuck that
Now cyber bully sissies on my little sisters Macbook
I got you niggas nervous like a Pop
Tryna ask his virgin, hot, vegan daughter where the cock goes
Wake up, wash ass, go and eat some Rosco's
Head back to the studio to munch up on some tacos
When I was younger I was bitchin' and
Now I'm coming quicker than
The shit that's swimmin' in my sock hole
When them teeny boppers ain't around
So Johnson and Johnson baby lotion
Beat on my Johnson 'til my cock swole
Stop saying you're sick, shit is kinda old
I'm a fucking Herpe in a coma, you're a common cold
Have you heard my brother verse on Llama?
When that nigga's home
Me, him and Hodgy gonna take the game and
Get a stainless steel AK and aim it
To the fucking referees head and put his lifeless body
In a choke hold
Uh-oh, these niggas is loco
Best thing smokin' minus all of the tobacco
Still hard to be black, well
Malcolm X would be proud, this white bitch getting black-maled
Blue eyed cracker named Jenny, and skinny
And Obama wanted change, I threw a couple fucking pennies at him
Just a chip off the old block
Chipped tooth ruth got some dick off my swole cock
Cause I bag bitches, she's a zip off the old lock
And thats just a logo on the center of that old box
Oh stop, tryna be me, kids will go cop anything
That I put on from the gold watch to the boxers that I put on
Probably cause I'm goin harder than erect cock dick through a botox
Oh shit, you're as hard as senior citizens dick
Oh fuck, don't slip break hips and pop backs
Show some respect to old chaps with my left fist
Cause I'm the next best spitting wreck thats left here
That's my ex bitch
Her? She's my next bitch
Have you met her mouth? No? Oh that's my bestest
Bestie, and she gets beastie
And she's my favorite babysitter cause the children never exit
I was taught to act my shoe size, I'm eleven and a half
Cock the umbrella cause when I spit Seven on your ass
It's gonna be mid stage Coachella
Shake's faggot ass keep hatin'
But I work hard for the shit that I got
So it's still fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Planet Earth
All associates can suck cock
"Tyler, you... obviously have some fucking problems...
And, this is... this is the end of this session, let's... anything else you've gotta say?"

Mom is getting jealous, I see my manager more
Than I see her before I go on tour and it hurts (yeah)
I miss the days when this was fun, but now it turned into work
And getting legal, so I got to watch the shit that I blurt out (As you should, that shit's outrageous...)
My friends are turning into opposites
Because my life is turning into opposite of sloppy wrist
And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick
Harder than the white kids who copy shit
Ending it is all I fucking think about, that's the shit I think about
All alone, bawling 'til my motherfucking eyes bleed
See, he's a leader in person and smile, shit gets disgursting
When there's no person around, talking discussion shit, man, fuck
(I'm here to talk to you) I'm putting myself at a distance
For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant (Who, Travis?)
Niggas saying "Free Earl" without even knowin' him
See, they're missing a new album, I'm missing my only friend

You have everyone around you, with... thirty names a day?
I don't see what it is? I mean, you--not like you don't have anyone to talk to...
I'm here for you, I'm your friend
When I say Odd, y'all say Future
Odd... Uh-uh, nah, that shit's corny as fuck, fuck!
Tyler, you're doin' good. You have a cult following, you're-
To these white kids?
Oh, my gosh

Charbroiled nigga on these dark beats
Nauseous with the Nazi but it's normal what the cops see
Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop, see
Mommy was a living single queen with a lat ti
So while my wallets piling with symbolic colored paper
I lace her, cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age
20, why didn't she get that abortion?
Probably cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing
Into a Grammy-winning schizophrenic fucking orphan
Oops, I mean bastard, skinny-ass disaster
Mom works hard, still working on her masters
Son lies about taking classes at community college
Just to record some bullshit he calls Bastard
Start a fuckin cult, clash his talents in a brash way
Before he even had a mustache and cash
And all I got was a fucking shitty article in Thrasher

"Alright, just calm down"
"That ain’t shit, man"
"Now don’t, don’t, don’t make yourself seem guilty. That, that article was great"
"No, fuck that, nigga"
"You're beating yourself up and your living the fucking life right now, kid! When I was your age, I would have loved to be fucking doing the things that you're doing right now"
"Fuck that… fuck all this shit"
"You, you, you act like I’m not here"
"You're not"
"I'm exactly who you’re supposed to be talking to"
"You don’t fucking help me with shit
You don’t help me with shit, fuck!"
"Yeah, you get... that, that—who wouldn’t do that?"
"Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"Who wouldn’t, who wouldn't shoot their friend?"
"Old fucking fuck!"
"That’s fine, it’s not your fault"
"I killed my fucking friends... fuck!"
"I’m gonna need security in here, and, uh…"
"Fuck! I didn't fucking sign up for this shit!
I'm, I'm not fucking crazy—I'm a fucking table! I'm a fucking table!"
"Yes, come quick. He’s losing it"
"No, fuck this shit!"
"Tyler, calm down"

I'mma grab the Nina (No!) and find a nice arena
Cause I can’t even choose between Ortega or Sabrina (Get security in here.)
And I’m not even human, I’m a body shaped demon
With some semen in my sack and some problems in the back (Calm the fuck down!)
And a life that’s fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate
And a gat that’s filled with love, now let opposites attract
I can finally be one (No!) like a marriage in a church
But this marriage has a hearse and the parents of the one
That’s getting married has a curse and it’s made up inside of him
Too late to reimburse but, wait, it gets worse!
All the guests that’s in the church all decided to disperse (Tyler...)
So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse (You don't want to do this...)
So they tied the knot, now it’s too late to reverse
This arrangement (Yes, it is) and the nurse is amazed
At the hurt that he was painting (Calm the fuck down!)
But it was obvious in all the photos he was paining
Now a bunch of whispering immerse

"Yeah, he's right there. Security's right there."
"Shit! No, get away from me."
"Get him."
And then the nurse blurts
("Come here.")
"What the fuck is his problem? Here, we have two doses to give him, here"
Why didn’t anybody ask him first?
("Get on the ground!") "Hold him down."
"I’ve been asking you this whole time, Tyler..."
"Get the fuck away from me! Get away from me!" ("Come here, motherfucker!")
Because nobody gave a fuck
"Get the fuck off of me..."
Someone gave a fuck Tyler
And, uh... the person that gave a fuck was me
See, you’re not, going crazy... it’s me. I’m your best friend, Tyler
I know everything, I know everything about you
You’ve been helping yourself this whole time. Your friends? They’re just figments of your imagination
Dr. TC... See Tyler, I’m your conscience
I’m Tron Cat, I’m Ace, I’m Wolf Haley, I’m... (Me)
I don't fucking like this shit, fuck
Ah!

Tall ugly nigga with lips bigger than Tigger
Only blue print on these Vans like I don't listen to Jigger (Uhh)
Cotton-picking nigger, Golf Wang season sicker than the block
Colette and skateshops, where wolves deal 'em (Uhh)
Workshop is awesome, ask Dill and let's pretend
Like I'm not making dollar Bill Withers on these fucking stickers (Uhm)
Pulling down my zipper and she quick to say she doesn't suck
Bitch, cut the crap like dyke booty when they scissor (Uhh)
Pink haired Mrs., I'm her mister, sipping Slurpees, bag of chips
Now show your tits for mister Fuji, take a picture (Uhh)
OF is popping like a blister, need some Listerine
Spitting got us balling like we Mr. Clean's sister (Uhh)
Sick of being black, sipping paint thinner out a tin flask
Plotting on the babysitter before dinner
And hopefully I get her, if I don't, fuck it then
See I never simp son, polar opposite of Smithers, I'm done bitch

Until the ozone leaves and the Earth is hot
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot
The moon now working and the stars align
I stay golden, y'all thought I was out my mind
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Yeah
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Yeah) Yeah

(Somebody told me...) I had a decline in the buzz
Not a shocker bruh, I had the stun gun in my bum
And when I drop shit you better have a towel and a sponge
And ask Bob bitch, I eat a ton bucket of chum
In Bikini Bottom, I am the biggest problem
This shit fishy niggas dip like we were set in Harlem
Heaters turn them into nuggets like Carmelo Anthony
We just sit and burn shit just like my fucking anthem

It's a dog eat dog world, don't get bit bruh
A son of a bitch I am, yup, I'm a sick pup
(I thought that you were nice) Yeah I am, slut
I'm also half ass a racist who hates niggas, yep, I'm a mixed mutt
'Preme is the top bunk, green is the pillow case
Golf is the bed sheets (Hat and my T-shirt)
TrashWang sticker on that Chima Fergolfson
I'm real with the box, and I murder with the pen
It's Bimmer Boy's, boy; never swerving in the Benz
I'm listening to Dead Sam demos on the ten
Can I get a medium with cheese and bacon?

It's Loiter Squad nigga...
Fucking Loiter Squad...
(That shit was fucking crazy)
Yeah
(Damn)

Yo, Wolf, nigga
What? Why are you running?
Sam's after you
Sam's after who?
You!
For what? What the fuck?
He found out that you and Salem been hanging out, he said he gonna kill you
Kill me? What the fuck you mean kill me?
You got a booger in your nose
What the, wait, slow down, wait, slow down, what the fuck you mean he gonna kill me?
I don't know, he just said he gonna kill you
Not if I get to him first
Slip it in her drink, and in the blink of an eye
I can make a white girl look chink
Don't know what to think, 'cause last time I attempted this shit
The judge ordered me to see a shrink
Started with the link
Contended her to meet me at the local Odd Future Wolf Gang skating rink
We was uniquely in sync
Already fuckin' and we only met last week
We were both young, not yet antique
So her mindset was working for my technique
Tell her that I love her and by next week
You can hear her shriek from the gashes in her cheeks
No, I'm not a freak, I am meekly a creep
The neighbors by the creek says my house stinks
And it reeks on the sheet, girl
Streaks of red, even though all pussy is pink
Oblivion makes obvious seeks
Which make meats for my obvious feasts
Used to just blot up thoughts, plot, and rethink
Now I get daughters and tie 'em and clink
Got my dick harder than iron and zinc
Now they just rot up, arms caught in the sink
Where they get cut up to fit my physique
Critique my chic in this brand new mink, go

Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, ohh (Fish!)
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh
(Yeah) Oh, oh (Wolf Gang)
(Wolf Haley) Oh, ohh (How you doin'?)
(All good?) Oh, oh (Cool)
(We cool?) Oh, ohh (I'm upset)

Bitches running 'round down, pussy take a trip
Make her strip, got my dick harder than the unzip
Tyler swiftly slips his dick inside of Taylor Swift's slit
Round trip in that pussy, here comes a ticket
Film clips popping on that Canon
Busting Ottoman cannons, on the pill
Is he real? Gaza stripping (In my living room)
Wolf Gang full moon, I'm assuming mushrooms (Mushrooms)
I'm a necrolampoon, not of Charles Mansoon
This fuck is ending soon because I'm ejaculating

(Frankie, Frankie)
Now I'd like to take this time of day
To thank the Mother Earth
(Thank you Momma, thank you Momma) (Fish!)
Letting the sun shine down on the lake
While I fish your waters
Ooh, hide your daughters, hide your sisters
Hell, hide grandmama too (Grand, yeah)
'Cause the fisherman's raping everybody in the pool
He on the loose, yeah (Yeah)

Got to wash it down, all this gold is fuckin' bait
Wait 'til you see the semen swimming
Baby, please not half, the whole is great
Morals? Your body's near that coral reef
It was once upon a time you came home with me
Then the next chapter left you in my teeth
Fill your gills with goo
Going deeper than Pacific Ocean
This specific motion
Makes this hammerhead puke
Got to wear a wetsuit, can’t get seasick
I love when you're in fishnets, you want me to eat you
You’re fucking wet, fish

So I met this girl at the club
And I just wanted her to suck my dick
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she's drunk and talkin' to me a lot
Until we go to another room
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little slut whore sucks cock for a little more bucks
Than them other sluts fuck for, real easy
Cause I didn't even knock on the front door, sleazy
I used the welcome mat as a cum rag
And all the Wolves fucked too, yeah she’s a cum bag
Filled with a bunch of shit I purchased at a drug store
Four more Dora-looking sluts let me explore
Until my cock got sore and started growing cold sores

Now she thinks that I like her
But all I really wanted was that mouth
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she text messages me every day
And I don't ever hit that bitch back
And that's because (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little hoodrat started jockin at my jock strap
Until my uncircumcised penis finally unwrapped
Flapping up and down until the cack finally go splat
Now you gotta spat, spit it out until you do scat
Then you gotta sat and shit it out, bitch, fuck your feelings
You wasn’t feeling shit when you was down there kneeling
Now shut the fuck up you got another dick to deal with

Now why can't we fuck with this bitch? (She's boppin')
Wait, tell him why we can’t fuck with this bitch, y'all? (That bitch she boppin')
What is she? She a BB, what does that stand for? (She boppin')
She, what do she be doin'? (She boppin')

Now I'm at a fuckin' clinic
'Cause my dick is swollen' and keeps itchin'
Nigga, I'ma kill this bitch (She's a boppin' bitch)
Bitch (She a boppin' bitch)
(She a boppin' bitch)

Where's my gun? (She boppin') I'ma kill this bitch
Why am I gon' kill this bitch?
To all my niggas out there listenin', that bitch (She's boppin')
And don't let her suck your dick or you'll get hurt
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors, nigga
Money, money, money, money
Money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me nigga, you not impo'tant
I'm focused
(Two, three, four) Bring in the horns
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket
I'm short of a sandwich, I'm peanut butter
Boyce Watkin's a faggot, please come and get me
Said I suck him at your neck, like a hickey, boy I'm sicky
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin' with me
I got banned from New Zealand, whitey called me a demon
And a terrorist, Goddamnit, I couldn't believe in it
Ban a kid from a country, I never fall, never timber
But you fucked up as a parent, your child idol's a nigger
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack
And fuck your Snapchat
Cherry Bomb
The greatest fuckin' album since the days of sound
And that shit gon' pop
Just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, 'bout to drop
Gas 'em up, thick exhaust
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin', we the truth, call him Simba, beats his hooves
Tyler, The Creator sweatin' Jesus juice
Put that fuckin' cow on my level, 'cause I'm raising the stakes
Mom, I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
When we ate it's the steaks, now our section is great
'Cause that's the level I'm at, my niggas pass 'em a plate
'Ye!
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin'
But I feel like Michael Jordan
Scottie Pippen at my weddin'
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't Lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite or somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?"
Yeah, my nigga; it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on
I know they told they white daughters
"Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype
I am the light and the beacon
You can ask the deacon
It's funny, when you get extra money
Every joke you tell just be extra funny
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck, hold up
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level
Had a drink with Fear, and I was textin' God
He said "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"
For your boy
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren
With the vertical doors
I'm watchin' Freak and Geeks
Got a trampoline in my room, damn
(2, 3, 4)
Hold your fuckin' horses
Niggas really fuckin' thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction
Been exhausted
I been workin'
While y'all silly bros smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin' losers
This them Golf boys, like them Hot Boys
For the nine-nine and two-thousand
But its the two-thou'
And the one-four
And the one-five
Yo, what up Wayne?
What up Slime? Nigga, go hard
Yeah, I'ma go hard like before 'caine
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad, and she give brain
That's that road head (Yeah)
That's a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one-nine-nine-one
'Nother nigga like I, you won't find one
'Cause nigga I'm a god, a divine one
Tune
My trigger finger wise
But my 9 dumb Yeah
Middle finger blind
So it's fuck A-N-Y-one
Fuck, skate, and die son
A hundred ways to die son
I'm starin' at a tramp-on-lean
Make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks
Wake my high up
Stakes are high, well done, and prime cut; eat up
I stick my Rolie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness
Wayne, them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy' buddy
Ye, we hittin' models
Like Tony Parker be hittin' bottles
Bitch, I'm goin' harder than yellow cabbies stoppin' for Lionel
(Black ass nigga)
They be duckin' us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling
Boy, lets get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas
I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses
And a couple trees, where the money grow
And get bodies burnin'
'Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper
Or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
My new music's all over the street like Erick Sermon was
Fuck us
Maybe we should team up
Anti-Golf boys
'Cause I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot (Uhh..)
Nah faggot, it's Golf Wang
(2, 3, 4)
Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D (Star Trak)
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit (what?) now I kick it in the 'burbs

Me? I'm from the slums, niggas who push a ton
Ton of drums, with foul flow, dirty mouth, like kissing bums
Mama done made her one, um, a witty son
With no respect for women, so show me your titties hun (what?)
You eighteen? Me? I'm twenty-somethin'
OK, I'm twenty, but I'm soon to be twenty-one
I wild out at shows, break shit, it should be fun
Venues are like pussy with me, "Should he come?"
I'mma wax that like the chapstick in my backpack for my black lips
Then dip to Europe and come back with a stack of cheese
A stack of cheese for these rats, um, that mac and cheese
New 'Preme shit got me feeling flyer than a bag of bees
Fuck critics ("How's your dick?") Shit, how's your knees?
Y'all on my dick more than my index when I take a pee
I came up with ''Rella'', ain't touch a bag of weed
Shit was doper than Whitney Houston's needs
Golf Wang, that's the team to be, ay
Getting T.U., O.F., indeed
We was missing Sweatshirt, like "Where's the hooded sleeve?"
Okay, nevermind, we found him, yeah

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Guess I win, checks started cashing in
I stop rapping and start asking where my fucking passion is
Probably where that faggot went (who?) Tyler talking father problems
Shocking shit, he spit to popping topics in them gossip columns
I ain't ask for this, I did it out of boredom
Thought that roach was cool, he died and pushed me into stardom
Now; Ye's, PJs, sipping leche
Chips Ahoy, boy, listening to "Cowboy", ay!
Boy, land in Melbourne and skate to Fitzroy, ay!
AUS was awes', I enjoyed, boy
Y'all niggas played as a tot's toy
Have a good day as I annoy, oi

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Canons with panorama views
My shoes that seen more vans than Mexicanas
Or crackers in Alabama
G-O-to-the-L-F, this OF
I opened up a store so I don't stress
But nigga, I (what?) mosh in gardens
Jazz punk shit, playing chords
Making up shit, pardon my Dolly Partons
And I keep shartin'
Hoodies with rectangles and different colors
Niggas think I started kindergarten


My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars
Hair blowing in the wind
Her freckles look like candy bars
Hair blowing in the wind
My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars (handle bars)
Hair blowing in the wind (ooohh)
Her freckles look like candy bars (shit)
My cool summer never ends (cool)
My bitch is on my handle bars
Yeah (bars, bars)
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
Uh, Jesus, heheh
Nigga this is my cup
Drink the cyanide up
Dope as fuck
So I would really shoot a group of guys up
Deep thought I'm often lost in (Fuck it)
Put me next to awesome
Still can't tell the difference
Just like Asians with their eyes shut
Butt fuck a couple Rots
In the Wendy's parking lot
Barking at the sight of light from my bright sparkling
Cock-a-doodle
Eatin' toaster strudel
At a nude beach in Rome
In a black Bape spaghetti strap made of Ramen noodles
My bitch is bad
Mixed with a thicky ass
Get my dicky rocky
This will end up in a sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face, now I'm kicking ass
Life's a bitch, fuck college, mommy, I am ditching class
I rather be happy than fucking forty
So fuck the teacher's lecture I'm having Sydney record me
For the 2Dope– (They didn't like it)
Oh well
Let's get XXL to write us a fucking story

Fucking aw, get you some
Obviously intended pun
Same time it took Jason Dill to get the stitching done
Custom made, one of one
Sold out Roxy performance
Ski mask color of a pickle just to perform Sandwitches
Started back in fucking London
Cracker children wanted something
They could bump and punch a bunch of fucking faces
(Stomp 'em out)
Moshing pits to breaking arms
Zombie Circus not a carn–
Evil wolves is on the farm
And were all evil harmed
Any sheep creep
Quiet tendered sleep
Make a peep
Fucking body will go missing in a week
Roam around the city with her titties like a fucking greek
God
Bastard was the shit, explains why it never leaked
I am coming of my age with my Memphis Bleek
Shooting from the sky, the only problem is the missing beak
(Once I have my wings and my motherfucking chain)
Oh, that's the black talking in me
Let me down a couple cups of bleach

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree lick a couple pimple covered clits
From some stripping lesbian dykes that fight niggas
That like to rap about those dykes that fight niggas
Alright
Enough with this shit, let's talk business
Acquire more currency, disregard bitches
Go to Shake's house and play Goblin in his kitchen
Then force him and his mom to listen to track six, then
If he doesn't like it I'll just slice his fucking dick and
Put it in the cabinet where the fucking cookies and chips is
Take a bunch of pictures, and
Post 'em on my Twitter, then
Go to Jimmy Fallon, like "Faggot, when we perfomin'?"
Then a bunch of Golf Wang niggas start stormin'
On the stage
In a rage that will scare Zack Rocha
Better get ya tanks before this wolf war's over
History repeats itself, I'm a O.F. soldier
Random disclaimer! Hey, don't do anything that I say in this song, okay? It's fucking fiction. If anything happens, don't fucking blame me, White America, fuck Bill O'Reilly. Four, three, two, one

What the fuck I look like, saying I'm sorry
To a bunch of fucking fags that can't potentially harm me?
I ain't never gonna bow down to your expectations
By the way, I got sixty fucking wolves that'll guard me
That skate hard, Thrash black hoodies, try something
Make sure your fuckin' feelings end up up in a Glad bag
Fuck all your opinions, I'm tyin' 'em with a shoestring
And fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
Odd Future Wolf Gang, we came together cause we ain't have nobody else. Do you? You just might be one of us. Are you?

Fuck cops, I'm a fucking rock star
Rebel and defiance makes my motherfucking cock hard
Fuck pigs, fuck guards, all some fucking retards
Fuck school, I'm a fuck up? Fuck Harvard
I ain't got no fucking money (hey mom)
I ain't got no motherfucking daddy, he ain't teach me shit
Child support ain't come, that faggot still ain't bought me anything
Fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
They want us to go to they schools and be fucking miserable at they fucking college, studying that bullshit, fuck that. Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You

Fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

You hear that, nigga? That's cult shit right there, nigga. Wolf Gang! Fuck everybody else nigga! Stand for something, get money nigga! Wolf Gang in this bitch, nigga, we sixty deep. Fuck with me, nigga. Odd Future, nigga. Stand the fuck up! I'm not saying just to go out and do some stupid shit, commit crimes. What I'm trying to tell you is, do what the fuck you want. Stand for what the fuck you believe in, and don't let nobody tell you can't do what the fuck you want. I'm a fucking unicorn, and fuck anybody who say I'm not. Wolf Gang

Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go...

"You gotta let these shits go, man. It's not making sense to you right now but... all these little dreams you got, they're not shit. All this rebellion, all this crazy shit you got, saying this shit... getting too old for this shit, man, you gotta grow out of it. Growing up, your dreams are getting bigger. You gotta look at reality, understand that shit so you don't get caught. I'm just being real."
"Nigga, fuck you."
"I'm just trying to help you man, trust me."
"Look, I mature day after day nigga. You don't know shit, you're a fucking therapist."
"Whatever."
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

Shit's getting warmer, on that corner
Gotta watch out for them 5-0 foreigners
Your mother's a goner
I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar
You got a daughter, shit's getting harder
The only thing you wanna bunk her was your freedom
You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep
And the seashore ain't saw ya
You got a mother, she don't support you
But you bought her a new house cause you love her
Growing up you barely had a roof
Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof
I guess you’re accustomed what you’re used to
So you bought two, nigga
They coming for you, nigga
Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches
Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets
And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind
And it’s all an illusion
Who was alludin', all of this potent?
I am the reason your family is using and shooting up
It's my fault
You can, blame me, motherfucker
For killing your aunties and uncles
The hustle and hunger
All I wanted was a cheeseburger
And a little chain, tucked
Didn’t realize this game fucked, up some lives
Oh, how's mine?
My conscience eats it up all the time
But, other than that I’m fine
I got a little money in my pocket

48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

Nigga, we broke as fuck
Homie got a chop shop, I stole that truck
And I sold that dope, motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke
But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry (yeah)
She could have been a doctor, nigga, I’m sorry (yeah, nigga)
Could have been an actor and won that Oscar, said I'm sorry
I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
But I got a nice car, put my sister through school
While my momma all cool, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
I'm in too deep and I can’t see the shore, I'm sorry

You get addicted to the flip, we used to call it
You get addicted to the flip (I'm sorry)
The, the, the, the transaction, the hustling (I'm sorry)
Even more than the money, it's just your job (I'm sorry)
You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man
And make this happen for that person (I'm sorry)
And to do this and do that
You become the go to guy forever
Next thing you know you’re in too deep
Way too deep, it'll scare the shit out of you
You wind up with so much work, that you'd be scared to death
It's important for us to realize man, we gotta get out of that, man
You know, dudes is buying choppers
Shoot down the people that look just like them
Dudes is buying guns to take down each other
Nobody wins, ya know what I mean?
Um, excuse me mister but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga
I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego here so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named the album Cherry Bomb because Greatest Hits sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules, she said that I must
I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk who's in charge of this Golf shit
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant"
And who I are isn't really important
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick
It's young T
I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
Better pose, boy you better pose
And it's your life nigga I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now you're face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga you ask for this life
Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
And my fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
Special
So let's go
Let's go oh-oh
Oh, let's go
I wanna go
Mmm
Treehome
Bridge!

Colorful you are
Yeah, that won't stop
You're my favorite crayon in the box
Let's think outside the lines
Come to my treehouse, yeah let’s escape
Then let me go, head first in your lake
From what I heard, it's great
It's great
There's a party

Tuesday is good news day
Not usually a full tray
Can you pack your PJs?
There's a party
Come into my treehome
Boy, you must be special
I'm special, baby
No one ever comes here


Left Brain, Wolf Haley
Golf Wang, Free Earl, uh

Goddamn I love women
Daydream about penis being in 'em
Meet them with a big grin with a Mac-10
Rope, katana, and then I skin 'em
All beige suit made out of white women
With the red lipstick, dancing to John Lennon
With the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim
They can catch me in the spot where the sun don’t shine
Bitch don’t mind me, shake your hiney
The only motherfucking Wolf here that spit venom
You’re a bad bitch with a real good kitten
And I got the appetite of them fat black women
Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em
Lookin' like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em
I am tryna get Miss Piggy by the motherfucking hairs of her chinny chin chin
Umm, what’s that? The cock of a black dude
Mad cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (aww, fuck it)
I’ll take her to the back room dungeon, fighting and punching
And now the slut is under the fucking assumption
That I will be fucking and munching her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but that’s not from the time signature of the month, umm

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Goddamn I love bitches
Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes
Cook and clean and grant my wishes
And make me and the Wolf Gang sandwitches
Transylvania crypt let's take a, tour
Bitch try getting through that black trap, door
Keep yelling and working them vocal chords
And that’ll be more of a reason that you'll get slapped canup, for
Is that Ford trunk's comfy? (Fuck you!)
Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy
That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me
Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me?
She keeps sending me garlic
How many times I gotta tell her I’m allergic
(I like your cape) Oh this Bathing Ape cape?
Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target
Fangs are sharp and I hope you know
That all I really want from you is that throat
I can’t eat pussy cause I might leave cuts
Then there’s blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus
On the channel, a fucking animal, leaking like pairs of candles
Bitch, is it hard to handle?
I don’t want a bride, I just want bone marrow

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Bite her in her fucking neck, bite her in her fucking neck
Bottom of the fucking lake, bottom of the fucking lake
Call my gang of wolves and bats, call my gang of wolves and bats
It’s a full moon tonight, and these hoes ain’t acting right
It’s because I’m Dracula bitch, (swag, swag, swag)
It's because; Left Brain, Wolf Haley, Free Earl, Golf Wang...
Tyler we ah, I know it's short notice but I brought all your friends here
For some reason I couldn't get a hold of Taco and Jasper
But, I just brought all your friends to talk to you
Because, they're really worried about you
I thought it would be better if, they could talk to you

Where we at, niggas?
Where the fuck we at, man? You niggas don't know me, huh
Where we at?

Down to fucking Earth, huh, down to fucking Earth, huh
Fuck everybody, here goes some extra girth Sir
You fucking critics are making my nerves hurt
Since I'm saying fuck everybody I guess that I'm a fucking pervert
My window is a book and I'm a fucking crook
Stealing phones to call home but the line is off the hook
My mom ain't paid the bill, guess I can't pay it either
I ain't signed a fucking deal yet
But when I do Clancy and Dave are taking percentages
That could pay the whole fucking city's mortgage
Hopefully I make a lot of porridge from touring in fucking Oregon
From playing piano organs and hopefully I can pay the bill
Shit is getting real, people begin to feel
Like I'm changing, but their complaining making big fucking deals
About some shit, they bitch and pout
(Can we get backstage man?) No, faggot, it's sold out
(Come on why you holding out, I though we was boys, without me
You wouldn't be Tyler the Creator, you're from the Dirty
I can tell whenever you perform, a leopard can't change it's spots)
But I'm a fucking unicorn (Whatever man)
Look, you can't stop me, I'm going full monty
Fuck that, I'm Hitler, everyone's a fucking Nazi
Wolf Gi-di-dang you be roaming where the fox be
And I be where, anybody cares
I try to preach "Fuck age, live dreams and have fun"
(Here’s some give a fuck, cake) Oh, maybe I should have some
(Asshole, have none) How can I wake up on the wrong side
Of the bed, when I don't even fucking have one?
When I'm on that stage I feel important
A whole fucking assortment of children that's taking Ritalin
Because the teacher said that the therapist wasn't feeling him
You gotta be fucking kidding me
At school I was a zero, now I'm every boy's hero and they fear it
You can hear it when that little fuck is reciting my lyrics, yeah I'm rebel nigga
Cheer it, dead parents everywhere, it's smelling like teen spirit
Okay, fuck it, Elvis has left the building
All y'all niggas smoking y'all brains out
In the car called life take the lame route
Going nowhere fast but you think that you not
Cause you never hesitate to take the thang out
In the drop top, pop the trunk then pop pop
At his drop top, took another lame out
Oh you the big nigga? Took a hit nigga?
Well I hope you understand you ain't shit nigga
Cause them niggas whole purpose is to get niggas
And make sure that your mama cry the pain out
Now that gang is out to get you
But you stuck in the same house
Nigga never came out, wow
It's a shame how you got sucked in that life
But hey man at least you got a name now
They say you a "real nigga" cause you kill niggas
Nuts for that ice and that cream banana peel niggas
Banana clips spill, niggas wanna bang out
For they approval boy, you can't even hang out
That light you hit, it was the light I held
That's why you never ever see me with my chains out
I don't need to, truth they don't feed you
Lies what they got on their plate, they gon eat you
They got a homie called Karma he gon meet you
Better look the other way if he ever see you
And run as fast as you can, nigga
Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh?
Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh?
Oh, you be trapping out the bando selling grams, huh?
Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh?
You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need
I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me
See, I look in the mirror and he said, "You are the man"
And I said, "Hey man, I agree"
Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow
Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow
Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos
They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto
Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo
Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o
Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o
Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr?
I'm the truth and the dare
And you can get your ass beat like a kick and a snare
ScHoolboy's my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s
That boy's not that bad, enh, it's no Biggie
It's the G-O, the L-F, we go-go, no homo
We black out, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy
No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy man
We been that man since Batman had a sidekick
Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas
And them bitches blue like that family went to the Dodgers
Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't bitch, I'm a problem
And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin
Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter
All my shows got one black in it like Larry David
And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo
Brent Lowe, my motherfucking bingo
Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole
And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow
Don't get offended, love being darkskinned
23 with the crib and I don't got no tenants
And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis
Is that diamonds on your neck? Stay the fuck out my business
See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on
That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron
Motors Flog Gnaw, Vans on, fuck your Jordans
Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals
Boy, I'm a sicko, flaco nigga, but kinda macho
Boy, I got some vatos and shout out to ScHooly, he kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese
Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles
Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that
Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that
Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that
(Man, he really took the store)

Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker
Anything that'll piss you muthafuckas off
I don't even smoke and I'm a level up of all of y'all
Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card
I'm special, nigga
Who the fuck are you?!
I'm special, nigga
They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem
Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers
Lead by example, how?
All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father
Boy, I'mma bring the noise
I got my own beat and we all got drums
What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about
You on your grind who the one that got the wep at their house?
Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose
This nigga call me a clown, nigga I own the circus
Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded up like a papaya
You know I golf bitch like I been sleepin' with Tiger
Woody woody, my mob, mob is goodie we Oddkast
We o-K-K-K just like the clan
Hoodie golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package
In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot
Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga!?
I'm a bad case of I don't even know
I'm about to tear the shit out this goddamn house
I think I'm about to blow my muthafuckin' brains out
Tyler, take a chill pill, nigga
I don't want to play you
I just want to tape you undressing
And I'll lay you down and record soft porn
If it's romance then it's hardcore
If it's horror, pop the popcorn
The thoughts to rape you really turns me on

Press my buttons baby
Press my buttons
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby

You're my favorite show, any chance I get I try to watch
Die hard fan can't stop with the tapings
Sort of like a psycho when I can't stop with the rapings
Of the VHS, especially during sex baby

Ready to watch? I'm a slip it in the tape deck
But put it in slow-mo, I don't want to bust the tape yet, press play
Now this is what I call an evening
A live show, almost equivalent to the screening
Your dream movie? I'm the clearest copy
Now time for Blow, I'm Johnny deep with the rarest poppy
Snort a little, now you're getting groovy
Cause I'll kill if I find out you're watching some other movies, bitch
Stop!

Danielle, Danielle, yeah you heard about Raquel
Well that didn't go well, let us try to make it swell
Put the beaver in the mail, we can take it slow like snail
Lock my heart up, this is jail, throw away the key

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

We can kick it on the couch, blunt you can roll it up
But I'm on some shrooms if you really want to feel the room
I just want to kick it, kick it for the rest
I skated all day, I just need some rest and your breasts

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

We can count the stars on the hood of your father's car
He's a buster anyway, I can take him any day
Look into your eyes I realize that I like you so much
That was corny, now I'm horny, can I have a kiss?

We both teenagers with the same mind state
How about some ice cream and some South Park for this first date?
Your cat is waiting for that raw fish I can't wait, get it?

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um


Hey girl, what's your name? Do you wanna suck a dick?
Who am I? Wolf Haley, yeah I'm known for punchin' bitches
In the fuckin' brain, do wanna give me some?
No you don't? Why you won't? Oh, you're a fuckin' nun
Didn't mean to offend, oh, you're a lesbian
So I'm guessin' you don't really like to put your trust in men?
Who do I trust? Um, heroine addicts and
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, yeah I can count on them
Who is him? Signed proof in a suit
Preme' six panel cap with the green brim
It's box logo this, box logo that
Usually a caucausian, big swallow on the cack, oh snap
I am, spittin' like I got chipped tooth, pop some Prozac
Golf Wang nigga, know that or that can
Turn into some neck, gettin' snapped up properly
Tyler Creator and Casey Veggies, fuck broccoli
I really made this song just so I could perform it
I don't even know how to perform it
Aw, nah, boy don't cut that wood
Found out your flowers don't smell that good
But if they smell real good to him
Then he don't need anybody else's nose to win
Look, I am a God, nobody prays to the sight of you
All y'all niggas wear camouflage
I'm in a field wearing pink and blue
I wear pink, they can see me
Nigga, you don’t create, you just repeat
Nigga you don’t got drive, you just beep beep
Beep beep, talk shit from the backseat
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I'm the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off (let's get it)
You muthafuckas want war, then come get it
You motherfuckas want war and i want more
Nigga fuck you and everything that you come for
You motherfuckas wanna blow?
Pow, pow-pow, pow-pow
Then let’s take ‘em to the gun store
I don't got enough time, fuck your rolex nigga
Don’t compare him to mine, ‘cause I don’t know that nigga
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I’m the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it
You muthafuckas want war?!
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
"I'm saying, you know, like. All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down. You know, like, you know, grow up. Don't grow down, grow out. You go from being a kid, just doing your thing, hanging out with your friends. Months later you're world famous. You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it. You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler. Fuck you, Tyler!"

In a world where kids my age are popping Mollies with leather
Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather
Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether
Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better
I was the drama club kid, I run where the fun did, my nuts itched
I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit"
Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one
Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some
See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's
And I be gassing up my buzz like some bees at a Shell
Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some Braille
I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well
I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself
These fucking rappers got stylists cause they can't think for themselves
See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but
Really, boy? Poseurs looking silly, boy
I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi
Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like oil ollie in fire flames
I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game
The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name
About as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes
But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hates dentists
God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished
And my shit's missing, he hates women, but love kittens?
See y'all niggas tripping, man
Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong
Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs
Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me
Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat
Look at the kid who had the 9 and tried to blow out his mind
But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time
Look at the ones in the crowd -- that shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh?
But then again, I'm an atheist that just worships Satan
And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements
And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing
Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for they fucking ratings
"Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape
All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes
But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints
But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank
Oh but no but, shit, who really gives a fuck what I think?
My fans don't, they turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct
Fuck buying studio time, I'ma go purchase a shrink
Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch



Went to Six Flags, six fags came up
And said "Ayo! Can we get a pic?" I said no
And they said "Oh! It's Wolf Gang, "Yonkers", Goblin is my shit though"
Now I'm like, "fuck, I don't want to be an asshole"
So I'm sitting there posing with Travis, Devon
With a fake smile like her titties was drawing it on
So fucking annoyed 'cause I missed Goliath
'Cause some kid said I was there, then they caused a riot
Now I'm surrounded by a 25 hound of fuckers tryna get a photo
All because they noticed the top with the box logo
And them fucking ears, guarantee they didn't even hear Bastard
They bandwagon-jumped me from a pogo
I'm going fucking loco, "Hey, Tyler, can I...?"
No, bitch, don't you see me tryna buy a fucking churro?
"But Tyler, you're my hero, I used to get bullied
Until I heard "Radicals," the last part got to me
See, I used to give a fuck until my cock would bleed
Now I'm the happiest I think I'll ever ever be
My life is just like yours, no father
My momma must have forgot to stop with a popped condom
In school I was the one that was thinking outside boxes
So everybody in them would say that I got problems
So when I heard you say it, I said it back like fuck 'em
You're an inspiration to niggas like me
Not the niggas who like you just 'cause of lyrics and beats
I'm talking 'bout the niggas who don't know where they're going to be
I heard the song "Bastard" right in the moment of heat
Not in summer, but of course, I was holding a heat
Gun on the edge of my feet, I heard that first piano chord
And it drew me in like predators carrying treats
Then I said to myself, "Fuck, is he speaking to me?"
See, me and you, we go together like snare and a beat
I mean snare and a kick drum, see my forearm?
I carved OF on it this morning with a glass shard
On my green mini ramp that I built in my backyard (that's weird)
That's hard, that scar from playing air guitar
When I see you play at the Roxy (uhh)
Tyler, I love you, wanna be just like you (alright)
I think about your face and I don't even fucking try to (no homo)
Wish I had a basement meant for me to hide you
We could play Xbox and listen to "In Search Of..." and eat donuts
Over conversating 'bout what church does
Come up with weird-ass videos with roach bugs
I'm straight edge too, so no drugs on this trip
And Raquel that bitch, you should've killed that bitch
You should've took me instead (uhh, that's weird)
See, if you can't have her then he shouldn't neither
And if I can't have you then she shouldn't either
No one should see you, but me in your t-shirt
I worship you until the fucking wrinkles on my knees hurt (what the fuck)
Odd Future, Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, Flog Gnaw, free Earl mobbing
I know it seems like I'm just slobbing on your knob
But I'm just a fan and I ain't losing my fucking noggin (yeah, you are)
I ain't got a job and I went out and bought Goblin about 5 times
'Cause (Thanks for the support) I love you man (alright)
I like tie-dyed tees or just plain white tees
I like pants that's cut, I like words like "fuck"
I got your pics on my wall with the mouth cut out
Now paper cuts on my balls because your dick's in my jaw (what the fuck)
And I hit you on Twitter about 10 minutes a day
And now I'm bitter 'cause you don't even reply with a "hey" (sorry)
And my boys think I'm gay 'cause I play "VCR"
In my car all alone speakers waking up neighbors..."
All right, my nigga, calm down, it's getting weird, take this pic
So I can get on Colossus, line as slow as molasses
(Tyler, listen) No, nigga, I see you're loving my shit
And I appreciate the fact that you would suck on my dick
But I'm not gay so it's awkward, now I'm grouchy like Oscar
After spilling some shit on his newest pair of beige Dockers
"Yonkers" and "Yonkers" (I love that song) Sick of hearing about "Yonkers"
I'm grateful that it worked, I attacked and I conquered
"Yeah whatever but I had a fucking blast at that concert
I was at the Boston one, I got a t-shirt from Sagan
The one that say "Sagan Lockhart" and when you came out to "Sandwitches"
That's when my fucking boy-crush got started"
Just take this fucking picture man, shit...
Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga, with intentions, that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one
But I give two for us cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn
From Adventurin' Time

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt

I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
You are a whore, you are a whore
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck him
Fuck everything else I can see
I know, fuck you I hate you so fucking much
I know you think I'm crazy
Cause I think you’re a fucking fag

"Sam, the music sounds good, man! You've been practicing?"
"Thanks"
"Sam, this is Wolf. He's new here."
"Sup, dude"
"Wolf, this is Sam. Sam and his band have been here at Flog Gnaw for a while. Sam's gonna show you around while I fill out these last minute field trip slips, alright? Now you guys have fun"
"So, you guys are into jazz?"
"Look. Wolf, Prairie Dog, Ronzell—whatever the fuck your name is. We don't fuck with you or anybody else here, alright? You stay the fuck out of our way and we'll stay out of yours, capisce?"
Fly with the birds in the wind
Where you wanna go, who, what, why, when?
On a scale from nine to ten
You taking L's baby, hold my hand and feel like the wind
Now fasten your seat belt, and turn everything off
I got your attention, mothafucka I'm bout to take off
I'm the new pilot in this bitch
And I ain't bring no extra baggage for this trip
But I do bring a terror like I hate America
A brand new camera and a parachute
Nigga you and I are not the same, we not parallel
Don't talk to me 'fore I fuckin' embarrass you
Now sit your ass down you doin' three much
I'm the captain on this bitch, don't get it fucked up
Or you'll get fucked up
I'm so far ahead of you niggas I'm in the future
Y'all don't even know about my existence, it's like I'm dead to you
You niggas, I'm sayin',look, y'all be on the stupid shit
I'm the fuckin' pilot, your role is to be the stewardess
I'm the fuckin' bomb like I was stuffing my shoe with it
The boy's a fucking problem like turbulence boy, get used to it
If anything happens its one door
If I see a building, motherfucker we're done for
I'mma hit a couple of 'em up this is Parkour
Better call your family and give 'em your last wishes, nigga
And every line dirty, you thought that I dug ditches
But I never give a fuck, it's like I was born dickless
I don't wanna crash anymore, I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Till there's nothing left in the gas tank
I don't wanna crash, I don't wanna crash anymore
I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Till there's nothing left in the gas tank, I don't wanna crash
I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
Uh, cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
Uh, cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
It's kinda weird
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
I'm tryna find a place, a place where I can land at
A place where I can be
With no alphabet dictatin' where to stand at
You can buy a car, you can buy many things
You can buy happiness but you can't buy wings
You can buy a parachute, you can buy a parrot
But you can't buy a pair of wings, aerodynamic
To stay cloud level
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
It's just crazy how you can have everything in the world but
You in first class but you feel like coach, damn
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach

A year ago, I was poor, somewhat
Now my future's brighter than Christopher's new haircut
Bruno Mars is still sucking dick and fucking male butts
In the same closet that Tyler Perry gets clothes from
I suck? Where the fuckin Ring Pops?
You got a better chance of getting a copy of Detox
Wolf Gang, we rock, crack rock and that shit was expected
Like Jayceon whenever he name-drop (Fuck you, Tyler)
Jesus, motherfucking Theresa
This nigga Game got Wolf Haley for this feature
My team is running shit like we have full-cleat Adidas
Getting chased by the polices on a full bred Cheetah
Bishop Eddie caught me tryna escape
Bag full of drag and a Nicki Minaj mixtape
Dragging all you fags to the back of the log cabin
Fall back like Lebron's hairline against the Mavericks, he lost
Nigga had the fucking nerve to call me immature
Fuck you think I made Odd Future for?
To wear fucking suits and make good decisions?
Fuck that nigga, Wolf Gang

Who the fuck invited Mr. I Don't Give a Fuck
Who cries about his daddy in a blog because his music sucks? (I did!)
Well, you fucking up, and truthfully I had enough
And fuck rolling papers, I'm a rebel, bitch, I'm ashing blunts (Sorry)
Full of shit, like I ate that john
Come on kids, fuck that class and hit that bong
Let's buy guns and kill those kids with dads and mom
With nice homes, 41k's, and nice ass lawns
Those privileged fucks got to learn that we ain't taking no shit
Like Ellen DeGeneres clitoris is playing with dick
I'm jealous as shit, cause I ain't got no home meal to come to
So, if you do, I'm throwing fingers out screaming "fuck you"
I got ten of these Kennedy's
Not Dom, but if I was a Dahm, I would be Jeffery
'preme hat the color of a leprechaun with leprosy
I'm fucking 'bout it, 'bout it, like I'm Master P in '96
It's fucking immaculate, the way your daughter smacking dicks
Surprised she hasn't taken gymnastic dick inside her alley oop
The Golf Wang hooligans, is fucking up the school again
And showing you and yours that breaking rules is fucking cool again
I'm going harder than a midget jumping over me
Chronic youth, I'm shoving blunt wraps in bitches ovaries
Punches to the stomach where that bastard kid supposed to be
Fuck a mask, I want that ho to know it's me, ugh

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

My love is gone for you mami, you could ride in hearses
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch, can you nurse this?
You told me life would never, ever, ever get this perfect
Then you smoke a J of weed, and take his kids to the churches
Uh, fuck church, they singing and the shit ain't even worth it
In the choir, whores and liars, scumbags and the dirt, bitch
You told me God was the answer
When I ask him for shit, I get no answer, so God is the cancer
I'm stuck in triangles, looking for my angel
Kill me with a chainsaw, and let my balls dangle
Triple six is my number, you can get it off my Tumblr

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

It was hilarious, well it ain't fucking funny now
I'll push this fucking pregnant clown into a hydrant stuck in the ground
I step through the stomach, replace the baby with some fucking pounds
"My baby daddy shoot bricks, the nigga also shoot rounds"
Cause if I shoot blanks, oops, thanks
I'm right back in it dead yummy and her mildew stank

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree, suck a couple pimple-covered dicks
Um, Wolf Gang, that's the fucking clique
Golf Wang kill them all nigga, triple six
Fuck 2DopeBoyz, all them niggas bitches
We don't need y'all, The Fader's who we really fucking with, bitch

And we don't fucking make horrorcore, you fucking idiots
Listen deeper than the music before you put it in a box, Wolf Gang
We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater
About a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop
You see my shit isn't stock
I used to piss in a pot and now I piss on the walls
Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets I have copped
But I can pay for them all
And by the model of my vehicle you know that I ball
E92, but '91 the year that Tyler was spawned
And if I crash I'm owing wheels like I'm a Vaughn or a Vince
Tiptronic stick or automatic you pick
Shit is static as shit, sure my shit is a M
Might get that X6 end, don't follow exit him
Might take a back street hidden
House got all sports cars like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious gems
Now AMG it's in boy I will eat him Benz
New engine, you got that old shit with those deep rims
You got a warranty don't care if you scratchin rims again
We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater
Sit in my passenger seat
You tell me I got too much speed
And I should slow, I should slow down
But I can't, cause you driving me wild
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes it's too much
And you can feel the beat in my heart
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes it's too much
I know some dudes that would find you that carry rugers
And shottas, and fucking shoot at your Honda
Then fucking zoom out in Mazdas
Them GOLF boys is bad for you like the food from McDonalds
Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin', boy, hakuna matata
Better watch for them hyenas if you flex then they swarm
Cashing so many checks they're calling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna ball like I was Domo O'Connor in '09
Probably September...
Boy I'm just rhyming these syllables, suck my genitals
Album cover looking like the mascot of the timberwolves
Skate park at Pemberton
Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again
Cause I kill the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman
Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking Timbaland
By pounds, I mean in (beep)
Give it till he cop brick like a wall with pig in it
And money coming out the blue
Like cops are changing fits or shit I'm killin' it
Back when Left Brain had the hightop fade
And we would go skate on them concrete waves
And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump
The beat thump, don't get it twisted boy my board's in the trunk (Skate!)
Can you roll my window up?
The fuck you turn my music down for, man?
Can you roll my window up?
Why? Damn!
Cause it's windy!
But I love it when your hair...
Blows, when it blows, when it blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when it blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches
You can say you don't want to take that drive
But your hair, it blows
I know we'll have a good time
You just gotta stop being scared
Just roll
Just come and roll with me
It's all good
Yeah, man, what's good man, you good? I've been chilling, man. I've been doing some push-ups and shit
For real?
50 a day...Oh w-w-wait...is that that nigga Tyler?
I think so
Bitch ass nigga, here he comes, man FUCK this nigga, man, this nigga stink... w-wait be quiet, be quiet
'Ight
My nigga, T, man, what's good, man, you good? Alright, I see you!
I'm good, man, I'm good, I'm good
Ay, man, I see you with your little girl sh-she looks...okay. Alright, ya'll good, man, alright! Ay, your feature don't start for another 20 minutes, so you can go get your shit up, I can go and get some shit... and I see you with your little jewels and shit too, man!
Aw thanks, man, I'm trying, man, I'm just trying
Yeah, let me know if you need anything...I got you...just...you know...yeah
Alright um...yeah we'll probably walk around and come back when the movie starts whenever
Ight, man, I'mma see you
Ight, my nigga...ight
Fucking FAGGOT, man, I swear to GOD
Yeah
This nigga bitch weak too!
Yeah, she is
God dammit! I'd still fuck!
Swag, 2011
Young Nigga

Sick to my motherfucking tummy
Bitch must think I'm a motherfucking dummy
Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke
Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money
Popping since Bastard, (manager) Clancy's my slave master
Thanks to them crackers, my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighing on Jasper
I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe
Yup, and a couple of them swallowed
Meet me half way, bitch I'm going all in
And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit
Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was a racist homophobic
So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing
Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing
You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet
(No homo. Too soon.)
And while y'all are rolling doobies
I be in my bedroom scoring movies
Still excited like a fucking newbie
Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me
Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me
A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty
Four story home, gotta climb eight set of stairs
Just to see where my fucking roof be

Wait a God damn second
I'm tripping balls, David Beckham
Would fall cause shit's going down
Just like Rodney King swimming lessons
Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perms
And purchasing weapons, naming them and aim 'em in One Direction
(wait a minute)
It sounds like midgets in a God damn speaker
Anytime you play this shit loud
But that's just me trying to get milk now
And the grunts of the god damn cow
Hit me on my beeper while Captain Hook suck my Peter
Pan camera, repeat procedure
And when the beat drop, have a goddamn seizure

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Cut it out! I said I didn’t want no goddamn lettuce. I don’t want that shit! I don’t want your goddamn lettuce. He-he
Yo, fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Nah Right
And any other fuck-nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga
Making his own fucking beats, covers, videos and all that shit
Fuck you post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-slauson rapping
Fuck-nigga-ass Hypebeast niggas, now back to the album

Well, Tyler, hi, I'm Dr. TC and um, I'm guessing that your teacher sent you here to talk cause you were misbehaving
Um, it's gonna be three sessions: today, tomorrow, and the next day
So, just tell me something about yourself...
Well, look, if you don't talk, I mean, these sessions are going to go slower

This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep
Some food for thought? This food for death, go ahead and fucking eat
My father's dead, well I don't know, we'll never fucking meet
I cut my wrist and play piano cause I'm so depressed
Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed
This meeting just begun, nigga I'm Satan's son

My mother raised me a single parent so it's apparent
That I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers
Are much important I'm getting angrier while recording
I'm feeling like the bulls, I've got a gang of wolves
Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental
Simple but probably not, fuck them

I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck
Drunk white girls the only way I'll get my dick sucked
Suspended from school, coolest nigga without effort
Easy to spot like black bitches with fake leopard
Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on
Cause this album pack enough evil
That you can't fit inside a Jansport, go to school with this

I go from AP to JC inside a fucking week
Waking up with random girls like "Yo, bitch, how the fuck we meet?"
I stay with grandma, she always bitching about her carpet
Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit
No to drugs I never spark it, I used to be bullied for honor classes
By those that were slow as molasses, take this shit to school

Raquel treat me like my father like a fucking stranger
She still don't know I made Sarah to strangle her
Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler
All because she said no to homecoming, demons running
Inside my heads telling me evil thoughts
I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares I caught, go to sleep

I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky
Fuck me the monster said, somehow the monster's dead
Inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil
With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble
I'm on my grind feeble, my music is either
A fucking sin or too illegal play this shit in church

I graduated without honors or fucking father
He died (I'm so sorry) No bitch, don't even fucking bother
I wanted a brother my mother I told her
But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada
So both of our imaginations are creations of the fucking situation
That's having our brains racing like Dayton, wearing some fucking Heelys

I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me
But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly
I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11
Seven, what's religion nigga? I am legend
I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition
I created O.F. cause I feel we're more talented
Than 40 year old rappers talking about Gucci
When they have kids they haven't seen in years, impressing their peers
With the same problem, the only way to solve them
Is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver
Life's a salad, I'm a toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it
Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious
Cause my mother let me do what I want
She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear
The shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid
My father didn't give a fuck, so it's something I inherit
My mom is all I have so it's never meet the parents
When Danielle or Milan decide to fucking share
This confused boy, I wanna hug hoy, I’m bad for you kids to listen to
Soy is not the choice, I'm bad milk, drink it

Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say
Uh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating

My wrist is all red from the cutter
Dripping cold blood like the winter, the summer
Is never that's equivalent to me and Sarah
Well that's not her fucking name, but I think this shit is clever
My niggas wanna know if I'm fucking, if I'm kissing
But I'm sitting here downing beers simply just wishing
With a tear they try to tell me but I never listen
Cause I don't give a shit like sitting down pissing
Eighteen, still talking to imaginaries
Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy
Losers can never win me, you can never offend me
My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully momma will attend the
Ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal
This my Zombie Circus, I hope the majors heard this
Fuck a deal, I just want my father's email
So I can tell him how much I fucking hate him in detail

Wow, umm, so Tyler if you had the chance to tell him something
What would you tell him?


Pharrell said "get 'em", so I got 'em
Tripped on Bristol Palin then I accidentally shot 'em
Then it ricocheted and killed the game, I'm a problem
'Cause I wanna fuck the world but not a fan of using condoms
Pardon my French, I'm going hard as my dick
When I envision my tip on the crust of bitch lips
Mr. Lipschitz has been trippin'
Since I mentioned Reptar triceratops dinosaur dick
I feel it in my gut to kill these muthafucks
Is a must, like the arm of my pits
You niggas coming shorter than a Bushwick Billy costume
On sale during Christmas in Philly
Um, well, not really, it's getting kinda chilly
Let's hit a couple bars and give some bitches wet willies
Soaked, getting jiggy with it in Bel-Air's richest
With a bag of pills, couple berries and a biscuit

I'm a fucking walking paradox
And a really shitty rapper in my favorite pair of socks
Ironed pair of dockers, two Glocks cocked screamin', "West side!"
With the speakers blastin' a pair of Pacs
Yonkers 10 milli, you're silly
Thinkin' that this 'preme wasn't free, willy
The feeling is neutral, the gang is youthful
And fuckin' tighter than Chad Hugo's pupils, it's Wolf Gang and the
B, what's happening? Nigga fuck rapping
I'm in cell 1 and 2 because I'm considering trapping
3 or 4 with some overweight groupies
And a food stamp nigga and a motherfucking hoopdy
But truthfully, I'm hungry, these rappers is lunchmeat
I laugh at AIDS victims, cold heart, fuck heat
Fuck school, do drugs, holes with no magnum, kill everyone in the industry
And drag them to the florist by the end of the chorus, so they can be alive in case
My fucking verse is boring, bass in the stairs
Stock shit like a share, I'm a virus
Having great dreams of fucking Miley Cyrus
Bitches, I bag them, jeans, I sag them
7, 8, y'all don't lay them straight, your nigga is fag them
9, 10, I'm a motherfucking sin
Turn this shit off before I say... Amen

BrandUn DeShay
Tyler, The Creator
16-Bit meets Odd Future (yep)
I mean, we really gotta stop meeting like this, Ty
(I got you, my nigga)
It's not even fair to the world
(Come on, man, we just made a classic)
From now until forever
(Forever)
Knock-knock, mothafuck it's me, Mr. Clusterfuck
What, when, where, how, like who gives a fuck
Golf Wang M-O-B, mopping niggas ante up
Ain't been this fucking sick since brain cancer ate my Granny up
Rest in peace or lie in it, life ain't got no light in it
Darker than that closet that nigga Frankie was hiding in
Open it, dope in it, Bobby where's my fucking pipe?
Dress my little dick as Ike, twenty says I hit your wife
This is life, truthfully I just want to fly some kites
Grab Salem and Slater and go around, riding bikes
Get some ice cream, Golf Wang Roscoe's for the night
To skate around and do annoying shit that older peeps despise
Nigga fuck it though, going hard as riga mo
Got a nigga dollars and a couple cracker kids at shows
Cracked a couple kids in the head with this cast
Had a blast out Europe, had a Swedish bitch licking toes
That's how it goes, designing clothes
Cats on everything, cats on everything
You think all this money will make a happy me?
But I'm 'bout as lonely as crackers that supermodels eat
Everybody's sparking but me, and I keep coughing
Can't keep calm in this spot's hot box and I'm getting nauseous
Hop in the car, ride to Saugus, and head straight to the office
Pissed off at Jasper because that's some faggot shit called "Pink Dolphin"
I roll here on a mean unicorn
Green hat, Vans, Golf top is the team uniform
Downing that Capri Sun, tighten my bandana up
Something like a lez, I'm forgetting my damn manners cause

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy

When you're alone thoughts start coming in
Punching in that dark lock box and they start rummaging
Shit you've got to battle with, wishing they could skedaddle
But it makes your shadow say none, fun and grab the gun again
I needed to get out of the house
So I hit the Dead Sams, and we went biking it out
In a black hoodie, with an Arizona and a bag of Skittles
Just to see what all that fucking hype is about
Now everytime you see a roach you think of me, ay?
Cause everytime I see one I think what his parents would say
In court saying I ate him, I wasn't present that day
I was with Whitney smoking, sitting at the dock of the bay

Do you know how weird it is knowing I make a bunch of cheese
While my friends can't afford little pizzas from Little Caesars
And their whole goal is to roll up and smoke bowls
So I don't feel bad when they not eating
(But you still treating us, you punk bitch)
Wolf Haley got more methods than Pinkman
I'm never civil, fuck Lincoln, 'Preme out the bag it's no wrinkles
I'm okie dokie and loopy and booboo nana and caca
If you think I'm fucking koo-koo, try talking to my shrink then

"Hey..."
"Bitch."
"I'm right here."
"Yo, who's that..?"
"That's Salem, that's my girlfriend. You stay the fuck away from her alright?"

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy
Sawed-off, I eat those
These clothes, they free though
Straight from the back of the Supreme store
Don't give a fuck about these hoes--
Hold on, hold on, hold on, run that shit back!
(This is a DJ Stankdady exclusive!)
I want the black kids to like me for this one, man
Trashwang! Woah!
Illegal CIV!
Trashwang! Yo!
Golfwang!
Trashwang!

Trash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, yeah, them niggas is swell
Tighter than a straight nigga going to jail
Locked in a box, nigga, off them socks
I can finally afford the bail
My bitch isn't bad
She's pretty normal looking with a real nice ass
Now hop off my dick, what it be
Bitch, Mob, Task, Force, Lil, B, nigga
Speaking of the devil
Y'all niggas cornier than kettle
Y'all couldn't smoke crack or heroin
In a Black Ops plane and reach my level
Ate some bugs and I made some carats
Fuck y'all niggas' bullshit, y'all cherish
I'm 21, I threw a party but…
Difference is, y'all didn't have a Ferris
Wheel

Might fuck around and be a goat named Felicia
Sorry, got a little excited
It's probably all the meth Walt Jr. provided
Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Red Riding Hood is pissed
Somebody tell Megan and Sara to come and suck a-

rash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Odd Future Wolf Gang bruh we Kill 'Em All
Golf Wang sticker on that Trash Wang
Nigga knows that OF popping -- Loiter Squad, Flog Gnaw
OFWGKTA yeah you niggas know them seven letters long
Yeah, Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Golf Wang up in this bitch
Litter Life up in this bitch
OFM, banging on your motherfuckin' FM
Nigga, fuck you thought this was, nigga?
Haha
Click-click (gunshot)
What the fuck was that
Got all the black bitches mad cause my main bitch vanilla
She tryna get her groove back like Stella, grab the umbrella
When it comes to your perception of my shit, I'm Helen Keller
When it comes to the perfection of my shit, I know you smell the
Rectum, I'm like a chromosome, I always X 'em
Like Wolverine stepson attacking a deadly weapon
I'm opening a church to sell coke and Led Zeppelin
And fuck Mary in her ass...
Yo, I'm fucking Goldilocks up in the forest
In the three bear house eating their mothafuckin' porridge
I tell her it's my house, give her a tour
In my basement, and keep that bitch locked up in my storage
Rape her and record it, then edit it with more shit
Octopussy special effect the wet bitches be banging
And please never disrespect my set
With Canons hanging from our necks like it's a mothafuckin' circus

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

I guess I left my dignity up in the cupboard
Cause every girl I'm digging, when I'm digging in her pussy
I'm never using a rubber
But fuck it, I guess I got to stretch it out like it was flubber
And leave it dripping green and red like double cheese burgers
Chewing on cum like bubble gum from Hubba
This bitch knew dick like Bubba knew shrimp, yeah
Yo, I'm seventeen, already sniffing blow
I tell my friends it's asthma every time I start to itch my throat
I got a new show for MTV, "Pimp My Boat"
Because some bitch said my semen was dirty, that silly ho
The most that they can do is fine me, I'm hiding
Somewhere where Chris Stokes can't find me
Oh no Mr. Stokes, I don't like misters, no
Don't tell R. Kelly where my little sister go

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

Crusing in my go-kart at Walmart selling cupcakes
Go ahead admit it, faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape
That involve Ballpark Franks and silver duct tape
Pornos and hormones and boxes of DiGiorno
You homos is loco, you're probably drinking Cuervo
With some vatos with the door closed watching Zorro
You homos

O.F., yes
(So, are you dating anyone right now? You know, or..)
No, I'm just playing the field, just for now
(Ah, so I'm guessing she's white, since she's 'vanilla'
Hahah)
Hey you, whatcha doin' and why you runnin'?
Supposed to fly and take control cause you're the pilot
You can't swim, you're gonna drown, the sharks are comin'
The sky's your home, there's no limit, you know you gotta
Find your wings (Fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)
(My lil nigga, the world is yours, birdy)
Let's just run away from here (cause it's not, cause it's not)
Working out on Earth, my dear (cause It's not, cause it's not)
What you really want girl (ooh)
My heart stops pumping blood, when I see you (I see you, when I see you)
But try to play it cool because (I like you, I really like you)
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me...
Let's move to California
Right now (pack your bags, go pack your bags)
I have wings on my back, so we don't (take the plane, have to take the plane)
Girl, I know you ready, I can see it in your eyes
(Boy, I know you're not, I can tell you're terrified)
Oh, nobody has to know and if they did, they wouldn't care
(When you rub my hands switching fifth gear)
Forget about it baby, let's not waste our afternoon (forget about it baby)
Cause we're gonna go fly to the moon (we're gonna go flyin' to the moon)
Yeah, but anyway (Pack your bags, did you pack your bags)
Leave your crew, bring your coat, cause it’s cold (leave your crew, bring your coat)
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me (ohh)

Suckin' on my ears, fingers rubbing through your hair
Fastwind, slowwind, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably couldn't tell but I be blushing when you with me
When you kiss me, swear to God, blood was rushing to my Jimmy, oh
Laying on my trampoline, looking at the stars
From my fake space fog machine
Laying on my arm, it's dead
From the pressure of your head
I said I loved you, said it back
Like it was scripted, but you meant it
Like the flavor of that lemonade
That we was sippin on our sushi-ridden dinner date
Oh, you think you special now?
Other bitches trippin' now
Cause we're fleeing to the moon
Fuck Earth, man we sick of y'all
Wings on my backs and we ain't gotta cop a ticket, nah, nah, nah
Now when I first saw you
I could tell you was the one
That I've been searchin' for
I needed somethin' that was like the Sun
Now all my flowers grow
Right now my life, it blooms, baby
You're my favorite color, my favorite color
My favorite color's you
It's like the endless summer, endless summer
Whenever I'm with you
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Yeah
How you doing today?
Yeah
Yeah
Ace the Creator, man
Look
Casey Veggies
Odd Future, look
Look

Hello, the hype is so mellow
Bitch I'm dope but my pipe is so yellow
The blue polka dots, pink stripes and it's pink on the title
Nigga fuck your role model bitch, I'm my own idol and
If you can't face it my nigga, you can ass it
My accessorize accessories bring out my assets
Nigga they sound on acid, tablets
Stussy’s G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses
I suffer from ADHD
I should win a fucking award for being me
Beat banging the tom-toms
My producer selection is fresh nigga, fuck Vons
Ace the underdog, thrown them on the back bender
Cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender
Eating Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off
And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off
Step one: pull your panties down and start to piss off
Step two: run to your radio, turn this shit off
Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help
So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me
With Gucci belts, Gucci imprint from leather welts

Ace, the Creator, man
Casey Veggies, yo
Odd Future, nigga
Get used to it
Hey, I’m gonna slow it down real quick for you

I'm so dapper man, funky fresh Dapper Dan
I'm your favorite rapper, fan, it's an honor to shake my hand
On award tour, on excursions, I'm a virgin of swap meets
I'm so pure, so sick it's no cure
I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at?
The hat, the crew, the t-shirt is Supreme
God, goodness gracious
I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces
That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing
Fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew them niggas is racist
Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook
So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book"
And all them "books" is pissed off and had their page in a bunch
Fuckin' attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts
But, I'm a fraud I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashin'
While me and my favorite author's lips tickle
Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens
Tyler, The Creator fuckin' kill you with a popsicle
Cold blooded so we rock mittens so they won't find him
Not kiddin' keep the Tommy on me bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I seem off, last time that team talked
Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'preme off
Should've bought some stock in it
(Yo it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it)
Not Golf when the little homies don't, wait,let's weigh my options
I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention
Ain't give none to Hopsin,and dear Boyce Watkins
Why you mad? It's the slave in me
It's facts boy I'm back like Rosa Parks's least favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T'
While y'all niggas watchin' the throne, the throne be watching me
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigger nigger on the wall
Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball
Tyler, the dark skin, arrested in Austin
Cops know who I was cause their kid said the show was awesome
How many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely
Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious
That everybody on this fucking planet lackin' confidence
How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!)
Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me
T a great director nigga's vision must be blurry
Boy I get them epic shots like jaywalkin' in Missouri
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
Well can't somebody bring my album out so I can hear one
Pour me a drink, shit I don't know what to think
Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
See why nobody got they hands up, see that's the issue
Oh I don't need the metronome bro
(Ey)
When you wanna be, ahh
When you eat all the cheese in the store
In the the store, in the store, in the store, yeah, yeah yeah
Alright

(It's this girl)
She lives next door, to the store that I loiter at
We talk every night, she cry to me about her guy
And if we text I get pissed when I get no reply
(It's this girl)
I know that she's the key to love
She is who I'm thinking of when I am beating Richard up
To mental images her face look
The closest that I got was when I'm poking her on Facebook
(This girl)
Video chats are so exciting
'Cause it's like she is inviting me to her world full of privacy
I'm getting gassed up, I think she's liking me
She's gullible and I just wanna take it like a pirate (arrrrgh!)
(It's this girl)
I see her in class
Not really, two doors down, but anytime that I pass
To take a piss in a stall, I picture us in the hall
Locking lips on the wall, her hand grabbing my dick
My left hand on her tits, ah my shit's getting hard
From thoughts of dating this bitch
(It's this girl)
Her name is my password, fuck
(This girl)

All my niggas got they bitches and stuff
But all the bitches they fuck, are known as bitches and sluts
But she's special, I know to y'all I come off as rough
But I'm the nicest to her, and I just want to concur
A relation, I want the cheesy dates at the movies
And stupid walks at the beach, and sharing straws in a cup
I never had that, so when we holding hands walking home
I look past that, the fact that she's fucking guys that I hate
(This girl)
But, things are looking great, cut copy
Last time we talked she said that her relationship was rocky (Action)
Now that Mr. Faggot's gone, there's no one that can stop me
From bagging her, I got these tickets to the Roxy
(Girl)
Next day, metro's taking me home
I see her in the cut at Wendy's, but she's not alone
Who's that guy? Wait, why the fuck he 'bout to kiss her? (Shit)
Come to find out she got back with her nigga
(It's this girl)

(Damn!)
Fuck
(It's this girl)
Another one
It's not the first time
(It's this girl)

She's so pretty, fuck self-pity, I feel so shitty
I wanna text her in a jealous rage
But if she reply to say anything, I'ma smile, I know
What do I do with myself?
Sit in my room for some days?
Play Xbox with piles full of wet socks? Fuck that
(Girl)

My nigga ask, "Ace, what happened to such and such?"
I could slander her name, and then tell him I probably fucked
Or I could tell him the truth and just say she ain't like me much
But instead, I lie and say she moved to Nebraska

(It's this girl)
But she's not mine

Papa ain't call even though he saw me on TV, it's all good (Fuck you)
But now my balls, balls deep in this broad's jaw
Swallow girl, it's just nut
Bitches scared to let me smash on they ass
Yeah, they heard I'm fuckin' nuts like the swag of a fag
Like me and Tekeli was gagging in the back of the cabin
Camp Flog Gnaw, nigga, you can tell by the badge
(Hodgy, pass me my inhaler)
I'm sick of hacking and coughing, I'm often this fucking awesome
I'm animal, Noah's arking, all from this rapping nonsense
Four stories in my home like "What the fuck's an apartment?" (nigga?)
Get shit poppin' like Peter's pores during puberty
Take bets on how quick Tyler can reach maturity
Cussing out Siri like a waitress with no patience
Oh, you want a tip bitch, well here's my dick for gratiturity, bitch

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

I tumble-crush on huzzy sluts, give money up then nutty butt
Professor Nutty Buddy Klump gets petty when you touch his lunch
Like, what the fuck? I'm drunk as fuck, turn the fucking music up
So I can't hear these stupid fucks, talk-no-walk, let you discuss
You're talking too much, Who the fuck are you to us? Uterus
I put that on my pubes and nuts, if I don't begin moving up
I'm shooting up, you and her crew on turf, new desert
I can see the bitch in a nigga through his shirt
I can smell the whore on a bitch when she walk around my crew to flirt
It's on ya' shoulder, lose the dirt, yeah, it's the movement first
Fuck a human nurse! I'm ill I used this earth to infuse the birth
Of my scrotum on the Channel 10 news, my only motive is to
Skip to my Lou, get hip to the pew
You can drink piss and eat a dick in a few, the sickening view
Of visuals, woo, I'll eat your ribs, I'm a wolf
Then meet your kids after school, and give them drugs cause it's cool, fucker

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

Hodgy, fuck this beat, nigga, let's smoke weed
That shit I need, be the shit that's green
A little purple and pink, come get some Swisher Sweets
About three or four more than needed be
I got a eighth I could face, I got a blunt flavored grape
I hate the grape, I could taste it when I'm inhaling the vapes
You could smell us in places when we walk in our clothing is always covered in flakes
Enough for two shake blunts; and what the fuck is this? Uh...
I think this Mary is laced; my heart is beating at paces
That Pacquiao can't relate I'm fucking faded like gradients
Shit, I'm stuck like tape that's super glued
To the center of Kelly Price first waist
It's like my first date with Mrs. Mary, the shit is scary
The paranoia from this marijuana's very heavy, I'm lifted
Fainted by my fifth hit, Lionel, pass the sherm
Let's use the Philly as a dipstick for this bath salt, you dipshit


Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me
Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me

Yeah, uhm
All I needed was a stick, grab the marshmallows
Motherfuckers getting lynched and burned
I earned it, my Flog Gnaw badge is looking good
On this brand new jacket
The donuts on the flag waving over the cabin
Now grab them graham crackers and pass them over here
Hurry, quickly I need a piece of Hersheys
Darker than the corners of the bushes we be lurking
I centered the mellow over the graham
Heated it too long now, it's melting over my hand
Fuck it, I'll bite it, I burnt it, but I liked it
Camping with my niggas, its so fucking exciting

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

Pop some Tame Impala, your man got a lame Impala
(It'll get dark outside soon)
And I'm sharing Slurpees and you ain't even begin to swallow
You’re fucking nuts, green top we coupled up
Run my fingers through em as you wax and buff my muffler
Cause I fingered you, you think the fucking ring is coming up?
(Where the street lights trail, Oooooooo)
Maybe, I don’t know, I think you’re chill
(Ride for)
Riding on my pegs, and my back against your legs
And a seatbelt is needed if I get between 'em, yeah

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
You got a lot of drive I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer, smash
You remind me of my bimmer

Where you been, man?
Oh, I had a drop off to make real quick. Hey, have you seen Salem?
Oh she with that new dude, Wolf, or, Darnell, whatever his name is
Fuck that nigga, man. Hey you know where they went?
I seen 'em going down by the lake
What the fuck!
You good man? You need some sherm? I got some
I got a can of these baked beans too
So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well
Well, first off...

My only problem is death
Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect
Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret
Talking to me is like a fucking body missing a neck
But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off
Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked
My hands tremble, my finger slipped, the wall's red
Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

When I was younger, I would smile a lot
I'm getting older, getting bolder, but a wiser top
Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of Budweiser tops
Life is a movie and you're just a prop
They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
My father called me to tell me he loved me—
I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me
Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me
I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me
Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant
Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it
Because I am the devil, fucker, get on my level
Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers
My life is Ms. Mon-unique Parker, but a little darker
I'll see you in a couple, OF

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

Tyler, here's some water, man. You seem a little tense. How's Thebe?

All because a nigga just don't give a fuck
Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up
But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up
That's what you should've did before that nigga bust, huh
Feel like I missed my little brother growing up
Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up
But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up
I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bruh
Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up
But I never had a drink— (Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!)
My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough
I won't feel the feelings I be feeling when I'm sobered up
But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that? I'm
As emotionally straight as Travis when he--(Tyler, calm down)
Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fucking cry
About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die
I finally had a family
Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley?
Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me
But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me?
Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death
One ear I got kids screaming, "O.F. is the best"
The other ear I got Tron Cat, asking where the bullets and the bombs at
So I can kill these levels of stress, shit
They say that I'm shock value
How about you hop off cock and turn volume down?
I haven't got around to telling my mom shit (why?)
Cause I don't know how to...(whoa)
All I want is her support, but no, it's the fights at home
When mommy cusses out cousin, some knifes get shown
Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown
And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone
Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone
Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack
For the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees
And deodorant like his house is my home
I could live with the same hat
And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack
And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday
Where I skate with the same fucking friends that
Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh
"Message from The GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat"
Email full of emails, I never write back
Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems

One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops
I'm blowin' them flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers
You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers
I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches
I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human
Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys
You niggas can't harm me cause y'all know that
We at the fuckin' Dirty like it's laundry (Tyler, calm down)
Nigga, get off me

Fuck off me man, fuck (what's gotten into you?)
I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times
Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (yeah, you...)
It's like I got a fucking voice in my head
Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (yeah, what's this?)
I don't fucking know, man (what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?)
He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fucking do (what's his name?)
Tron Cat
Suck it up, cock it up
Time is when the clock is up
Cause you don't have to talk for us to chop it up (chop it up?)
Freezer burn, erection when I see you squirm
For me not to get inside your face I'm the newest dermatologist
Blood on my shirt no one acknowledged it
From teenage babes leaving dates I got to followin
Swallow it, clean it off, polish it
Axe you up in the back of my shack, fuck some hollow tips
Throw you in my deep creek of self-esteem on some shallow shit
The Kids used to tease now I'm hiding in the leaves of the trees where the school where their teen daughter attend
I grab them by the pelgro throw them in the passenger
To balance up the color of my van it matches egg yolk
My only fucking way to calm down, the view of dead folk
"This movie fuckin sucks"
Because the pay per view is dead ho now shut the fuck up and work magic with esophagus
Odd, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang

I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox — no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been gettin' intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin'

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks; that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane at that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want – fuck money, diamonds, and bitches; don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again! Another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead
I never would've thought that
Feelings could get thrown in the air
Cause I accidentally caught that
I need some new boxing gloves, shit got hectic whenever I fought back
For example, ten minutes can't go past without you brushing my thoughts
That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty four times
I think about you or something like that
Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else
I don't like that; cellular convos getting left in the wrong
Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back
This isn't a song, I just happen to rhyme when I get emo
And find time to write facts (fuck)
I love you

Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow
Yeah, that's good

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

Girl, you fucking with my emotions
The fuck is all this noise about?
I even considered picking up smoking
You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out?
But in my dog house
My bitch is the raddest
Crazy who makes me the happiest
Can make me the saddest
Look Alice
Let's get lost in your wonder-er-land fuck an atlas
You're perfectly perfect for me
What the fuck is this, practice?
Actually, if you even consider leaving
I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathing
And you'll see the meaning of stalking
When I pop out the dark to find you
And that new dude that you're seeing with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck up your evening
Make sure you never meet again like goddamn vegans
Cause when I hear your name I can not stop cheesing
I love you so much that my heart stops beating when you're leaving
And I'm grieving and my heart starts bleeding
Life without you has no goddamn meaning
Sorry—I'm passive-aggressive for no goddamn reason
It's that my mood change like these goddamn seasons
I'll fall for you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled
Yeah

C'mon baby
Even though I hate you
I still love you
I love you
And Salem, my love (I know)
I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck)
(Come here)
I like when we hold hands
(You're the best around)
See I get jealous (fuck)
And if I see that nigga (If I see him)
I just might kill him (look)
(Look. I wanna strangle you, till you stop breathing)
Love, love, love
(Spend the rest of my life, looking for air)
(so you can breathe, or we can die together, you and me)
(Fuck, look)
I'm in love (Love)

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

"Yo, why is Samuel such a fucking dick?"
"He isn't such a badass actually. He's only here because he ran away, because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb"
"Yo, what happened?"
I was 16 when we first laid eyes
Scrawny little fucker, yeah, I was that guy
And you was down for the weekend
I was down for the greetings
And you eyes the same color shit that Jasper be chiefing
Couple freckles on ya noses, roses made you blush
Gentleman I was like I wasn't tryna fuck
But it was my first official date so I was stuck, like
It was past curfew, and we was at the Grove
And it was raining, and I had to be home
And then you grab my hand, talking about tryna get home safe or something
All I remember was your motherfucking face

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You gotta a nigga sprung, whenever I’m holding your hand and
Making eye contact I feel like the damn man
Cause even though I am and get round of applauses
I’m insecure and start to think that I do not stand chance
But, moments, wish that I can own it or lease it or clone it
Cause holding your fingertips is golden
I fucking love you, now treat my palms like a bowling ball and
Grip and keep holding on girl

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You got a nigga...Wait
Don't think this is going to work
Things got complicated and a couple feelings got hurt
I haven’t talked to you in a couple of days
I got too comfortable
And started to think that we was really a couple
But hey, (fuck you) at least there was time spent
But by the time you hear this you won't know what these rhymes meant
But when you realize, its awkward, your name still my password
So I’m always fucking reminded
You got a nigga sprung

You're my girlfriend.. you're my girl (whether you like it or not!)
You're my girl.. you're my girlfriend, you're my girl girlfriend
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girl (Shit, I know that you're not)
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girlfriend
You're my girl.. oooo
You're my, you're my Girl
Ooooo girlfriend... girlfriend..
You're my girlfriend you're my girl girlfriend you're my girl
You're my girlfriend
I don't want you thinking I love you 'cause I stay
Girl I really like you and happy we got laid
I think about your windows like two times in a day
I'm a pervert with a purpose, like priest who just got saved
Kissing, kissing, I'm on a mission of licking
The holy grail of your body, when you be kissin', Mrs
This is a kid from Africa, you, you are a kitchen
I come quicker than pitches from Sammy Sosa
You hoping I'm joking, but first
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
Your pussy tighter than door hinges
I munch you like sandwiches
But not any more 'cause I'm on tour, so
Look: FaceTime your clit, I will jack off my dick
I go hard, shit, I might need ice pack on my wrist
Fucking, I'm pumping, you know it's coming
Bust in a couple of seconds, I'm sweating, I leave you slump
In the back of my truck, butt naked, suck it out of me
I leave you with nothing, get it?
This is what you wanted, this is what you came for
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry (Cherry Bomb)
Make me feel like 4th of July
(Can't breathe)
Cherry
You light my fireworks
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry bomb
Got the bops in the house, socking bitches in they mouth
See my neck? Iced the fuck out! (I'm getting money, nigga!)
She at the fucking mall, 40 bitches on my nutsack
I pulled up on a mothafuckin' unicorn (I'm getting ponies, nigga)
Wolf Gang, nigga! Scream that 'til they mothafuckin' show me death
Golf Wang, nigga! Free Earl better show some motherfuckin' respect
All this ice around my neck, all this ice around my dick
Gun to her head, make your bitch massage my shoulders

Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Yo, yo, Jasper, Taco, y'all my niggas, man
I love y'all niggas, I'm sorry
(*Gunshot*)
Ow! What the fuck?!
Geek, fag, stupid loser, find a rope to hang
I'm not bipolar, see I'm just known by those couple names
I wanna tell my pops but shit, he'll probably say the same
Fuck...
Hated by everyone, that's the way it seems
I don't know what's shorter, his damn temper or my self esteem
I sit in my room and I listen to tunes, I'm amused alone
Cause none of the cool kids would let me join a team
Depression's on the stalk again
My best friend's an inhaler because it will not let me cough
Whenever I am losing oxygen, bully hand around my neck
Cause he felt disrespected when I decided to talk again
I brought that on myself, see I should know my place
But not at lunchtime, see I know better than to show my face
Around them, but the day I do it'll be everywhere
When I share these feelings finally they gon' fucking care

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Murder, murder, m-murder the last they heard of you
Was when I... "uh" with all them burners, you
Think that I'm some punk bullied bitch who ain't gon' trouble you
Well, I'm gonna burst your bubble two times if you dont mind
Umm "Who are you again?" I'm Samuel and that's Tyler
We came to get wild and style in these trench coats!
Don't start asking what's packing in these trench coats!
Just know if you start acting, I'm grabbing for these trench coats!
My step-father called me a fag
I'll show him a fag, and I'll light a fire up in his ass
And recently them assholes been fucking with me in class
So I'ma keep them muhfuckers there and make sure they pass huh
My prom date, she dismissed my offer
So I'mma [fuck] her and toss her in the principal's office
(Tyler, I'll go with you)
Oh, now you wanna conversate with me try to be my friend? (Where are my parents at?-) Don't worry, you'll probably never see them again

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum. bum. bum. burumrumrumrum bum bum bum
Bum bum bumbumbumbum, hehe
We are the Sams, and we're dead -- it's just four of us
We come in peace, we mean no harm, and we're inglorious
We took their heads but we just took back what they took from us
I guess we lost ours

Music had nothing to do with my final decision
I just really wanted somebody to come pay me attention
But nobody would listen, but stuffed animals that I had
Since I was a kid but I'm growing up so they're missing
I didn't mean to hurt anybody, I'm sorry
I wouldn't hurt a fly or consider joining the Army
I'm hardly ever angry, Roger Rabbit framed me
Momma I'm the same fucking kid that you made, see?
I don't wanna go to jail, I just wanna go home
And I want them fucking kids at school to just leave me alone
And I... I hear helicopters make a dip
I'm fucking reloaded -- I told you all that I ain't taking shit
You better back up before this Mac start to lift up
I'll pump it like my inhaler when asthma begin to act up
The difference between us and our class is tan khakis
I got 99 problems and all of them's being happy
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Your garden is full from raking these hoes
A handful of green and a couple of stones
Your lawn mower's foreign, you rent you a home
But nigga, how much of that shit do you own?
See me, I don't compromise
I know my accomplishments
Fuck all yo compliments
Bitch I got confidence
I don't need your approval, my nigga you suck
I do not have to adjust to stunt
Don't talk don't jump don't cheer just shut the fuck up
You're speedin' and gleamin' and stuntin' so Evel Knievel
You beaming and circle in bimmers you hoping them niggas’ll see it
Results may vary, my chain, its not too heavy
I'll rather pedal smooth on my bike than to crash in that Bugatti
But back to the garden, Niggas gone do you dirty
Already started, killing your flowers
It seems impossible, it's the new slave apocalypse, so sad and obvious that
All y'all stupid niggas got the whips and no drive
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
You gotta keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
You gotta keep the o's
Keep da o's
You gotta keep the o's (keep the o's)
Cause you never know when it's over
You want the doors that go up
You want the girls with the big butts
You want the diamonds, you want the stones
You gotta stunt on these niggas
Stunt on these niggas one time
Find your wings
Find your wings
Find your wings
And fly
Cause you'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly (learn)
Let me tell you what I want you to do
What I want you to do
You'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly
(Learn)
Keep the o's
I'm rapping about diamonds, and cars, and money now
What the fuck has gotten into me, man
I can grab the fireworks, and soda, all the cookies we can eat
Make you nauseous, but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek
We could sneak away, fuck it, you can bring an eighth
I'm not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby; сould you meet me by the lake?
Said bring a towel, well baby meet me by the lake
Bathing suit, it's going down, shit just meet me by the lake
We could count the shooting stars, well could you meet me by the lake?
Summer never has to end with me

I packed a couple sandwiches inside that basket
And brought some extra towels if anyone was asking
We should take a dip in that lake quick and then split
Then do something that's beyond what we both can imagine

Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, grab a drink
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, look in the sky
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, we never have to leave
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (We can stay here)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (All night long)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (Look)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (Let's go to sleep)
We're here, all night, school is in session
Look, you know, the water's pretty deep, let's go to sleep
You wouldn't do that Tyler, kill yourself or anyone. You don't even have the balls to begin with. What you need is me, someone to talk to, uh, it's been a while since our last session. So, tell me what's been going on

I'm not a fucking role model (I know this)
I'm a 19 year old fucking emotional coaster with pipe dreams
Since Kanye tweeted telling people he's bumping all of my shit
These mothafuckas think I'm 'sposed to live up to something? Shit
I'm still jacking off and proceeding my life careless
But getting more pussy cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris (as you should)
Philly to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares
At skateparks and airports all in a year, it's weird
Yonkers dropped and left them craniums mindfucked
Now competition missing like that nigga my mom fucked
He still hasn't called me yet (that's not your fault)
But that's a whole fucking different argument, shit, I got over it
And a couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy
A couple hot pockets and grandma could stop cooking
Them nasty ass collard greens, pressure's on me like this top hat
Bastard intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that?

"Tyler, you'll top it, you'll top that, you're a very capable individual"
"Okay, you guys caught me, I'm not a fucking rapist or serial killer, I lied"
"You know, you just want attention, you'll be fine"
"I try too hard, huh?"
"No, you don't"

Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet
The 'preme shit is free and I don't drink, so fuck a wine set
Nigga, fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity
I'm fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity
Oh, that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshiper
Cause I'm too fucking ignorant to do some research?
I'm the star of the group (Yeah)
So no one else gets the respect that they deserve cause of you
(Bastard was good though) What you think I record it for?
To have a bunch a critics call my shit a bunch of horrorcore?
Like I didn't make "Parade" or "Inglorious"
Cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fucking feel?
Of course they only listen to lyrics about me pissin' off
In the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off (I bet)
Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissing waiver (here)
Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they full of flavor

"Can't they just be happy for me like, a kid with nothing, living out his dreams? Why they got to fucking hate?"
"I think everyone's happy, everyone's immature, everyone loves you Tyler, you have to believe that."
"I don't even skate anymore, I'm too fucking busy, I can barely kickflip now."
"Why? Why is that? Do you not have any free time at your home?"
"What the fuck you mean I'm not talented? You see the shit that I've been doing?"
"I have, I mean you're a great person."
"I mean, I'm not that great of a rapper but as a whole, I'm pretty cool, right?"

People excited, thinking shit is so tight (For what?)
Getting co-signs from rappers that I don't even like
What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic?
And start Jackson him off until his cack blasting off? (No...)
Fuck that, (Yeah) These niggas ain't fucking with me
Cause I don't listen to the Immortal of Tech-of-the-nique
And all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak
On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week
I'd rather listen to Badu and Pusha the T
And some Waka Flocka Flame instead (All that shit) of that real hip hop
That's bull-of-the-sheet, but they want to critique
Everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released
But they don't get it, (They don't, it's not made for them) cause it's not made for them
The nigga that's in the mirror rapping, it's made for him
But they do not have the mindset that's same as him
I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him

"It is, but Tyler, you're going to have to cut down on that "faggot" word, that's very, that's a bad...
"I'm not homophobic."
"I mean, I don't think you are but..."
"Faggot."
"Alright, well, since the last time we..."
"The fuck is a good performance? I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can."
"I mean, you, you, it seems like you have fun. But your Twitter posts, just.. I mean, they're really random and it's ADD."
"Who doesn't have ADD..? Well, I don't."
"I mean, sometimes, you're just really out in the distance and we just want to know, what's the problem for this?"
"I wish Thebe was here."

Therapy's been sinning and niggas getting offended
They don't want to fuck with me cause I do not fuck with religion
You see, that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen
Here, put this middle finger in your ear (I'd rather not)
When someone gets blamed cause some white kid had aimed (What?) his AK-47
At 47 kids, I don't wanna see my name mentioned
(I don't think anyone's going to men—I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you.)
College wasn't working and I wasn't working
So I was at home jerking off until my dick was hurting
But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait
Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learning shit (I mean, you...)
Now I'm living dreams that I wanted since eight
And can afford to get my mother something on her birthday
(I mean, you've explained to me that you were in school, but, I mean, I...)
They claim the shit I say is just wrong
Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone
I'm just a teenager, who admits he's suicide prone
My life is doing pretty good, so that date is postponed for now
Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen
And when she gives you lemons, nigga, throw 'em at pedestrians
(So, what are you saying, take advantage?
I mean, you've been doing pretty good, I've seen that)
I still live in my grandma's house
Sell out a fucking show in London just to end up on couches
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement
My hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then
And then I am confused if I want in or just out
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling
I sit in grandmother's living room and just pout
And shout loud inside, sometimes I just want to die (No, you don't)
Odd Future came from the bottom
And it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em
(I believe you) All you fucking lames don't have to like me
The devil doesn't wear Prada, I'm clearly in a fucking white tee

Whoa, umm, alright, uh, so Syd was telling me you went to New York...

So, what's going on, Wolf? Talk to me, man. People worry, we hear stories about you getting into fights and all this unnecessary bullshit. What's on your mind? Talk to me, I'm here

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (Wolf Gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Mama got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name (Rest in peace)
Too soon

Uh, my nigga Slater, yeah that's my little pony
Little homies is repping like I been fucking with Kony
Nigga Phillip and Kobi, to my niggas that know me
Ya boy seem happy as fuck but truthfully ya boy lonely
Nigga's a target for marketing, he's an artist
Can't even walk into Target without botherin customers botherin
Asking me for a picture, can I talk to they sister?
Naw nigga, get lost, you're fucking smothering
God I wanna quit, but I can't
'Cause mother and sister can't pay the rent
Four stories with storage, I'm 21 with a mortgage
And touring's paying the bills, life is paying for thrills
Lifes' a bitch bruh but from the third-floor man, she's gorgeous
A year ago I was broke, now how can I afford this?
I started off with disposables, now I have an assortment
And I'm using these negatives to develop a portrait
Now the frame is a pain in the ass to get it in
Without a scratch or stain on the glass, but that's not important
Just as long as it's printed, and I hinted it is
And when I get it I'll make sure you get a copy, bitch
Shit I'll even add a signature with the fuckin' pic-ature
I'll even tell you the film I used, and the aperture

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (Gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Mama got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name
Too soon

Grandmother died, didn't cry not a tear
Not gonna lie, fucking weird no water dripped out the eye
But when I got the news, yup it left your boy stuck
'Cause when my mom dipped, she was the one that gave me a fuck
Mom calling and calling, I'm on my way to a show
I answer, she crying, saying, "Sadie is dying"
The doc said she only had a week for us to speak
Before she deceased, cause cancer was just eating her cheeks up
Fuck, nah this is really awkward for me, bruh
I hang the phone up, and adjust my seat back
And started to think, like, "What the fuck just happened?"
I never had a death and I just seen her a week ago
Meet them at the hospital I should
In between the set of BADBADNOTGOOD
Lionel asked what happened I said it's bad bad, not good
Just take me to the Cedars-Sinai off of Oakwood
Getting there, family sitting center chair
Awkward in the lobby, it was floating in the thinning air
Getting there, need a sticker saying how I got in there, there's a room
Open up the curtain, she's just sitting there, hello
Our conversation's brief, couldn't even make eye contact when we speak
Lookin' at her you could tell all she had was weak
And I'm not talkin' days bruh, I'm talkin' 'bout her strength
I sat there 20 minutes tops, hoping it was just a fucking plea that she could cop
She died that night

Dr. TC: Oh, that's heavy man, I'm sorry for your loss
Tyler: Yeah, whatever, don't worry about it...
Dr. TC: Last time I seen Sammy, he was lookin' for you
Tyler: Fuck that nigga Samuel
Dr. TC: Uhh, have you seen him?
Tyler: Nah, but if I seen that nigga I woulda killed him
Rollin' in a golden Tacoma, the shit's stolen
If that bitch tell on me, I'mma do a fuckin' drive-by in her colon with my meat
Gotta keep it obsolete like Chris Brown when Rihanna got her fuckin' ass beat
Fuck Jeeves ask me for advice, if I'm not reading a Vice
I'm squatting down, picking cracker bitches scalp for some lice
Everything that I write is dope because the pipe
And nope you can't have a hit unless you gimme the light
We be burning Dutty Rocks with a light switch
Bitch nigga, you about as hard as a dike's clit
I'm goin as hard as Bishop Eddie Long's John
After I bought a Sidekick and sent that fag some nice pics
They say I try too goddamn hard
No shit, I want a Grammy you damn retard
You can't be great when you settle for a flea bargain
Unless you're a thrift hipster bitch in a leotard
Painless
Hodgy lost his motherfucking mind because the brain left
Wolf Gang got the ink on me now it's banged out
Box Logo hoodie, still haven't got the stains out
Congress
I guess I'm fuckin' with the best blondes
Um yes, I am now beating off to mom sex
Raquel is wrestling a prom dress
While me and Ray Charles have a fucking staring contest
To all the step dads in here
Trip-six kids got you motherfucks scared
It could be worse, nigga that's absurd
Nigga I am at Pharrell's tryna butt fuck nerds
This just in, Tyler the Creator and Justin Bieber
Was just in the room flippin' Selena Gomez
Go 'head, give some, pucker up
I'll fuck her up until the kids come in, umm
After Tron Cat I got the rat shook
And I ain't even have a hook
For the white kids to sing along
I don't wanna sing a song, fuck that
Now cyber bully sissies on my little sisters Macbook
I got you niggas nervous like a Pop
Tryna ask his virgin, hot, vegan daughter where the cock goes
Wake up, wash ass, go and eat some Rosco's
Head back to the studio to munch up on some tacos
When I was younger I was bitchin' and
Now I'm coming quicker than
The shit that's swimmin' in my sock hole
When them teeny boppers ain't around
So Johnson and Johnson baby lotion
Beat on my Johnson 'til my cock swole
Stop saying you're sick, shit is kinda old
I'm a fucking Herpe in a coma, you're a common cold
Have you heard my brother verse on Llama?
When that nigga's home
Me, him and Hodgy gonna take the game and
Get a stainless steel AK and aim it
To the fucking referees head and put his lifeless body
In a choke hold
Uh-oh, these niggas is loco
Best thing smokin' minus all of the tobacco
Still hard to be black, well
Malcolm X would be proud, this white bitch getting black-maled
Blue eyed cracker named Jenny, and skinny
And Obama wanted change, I threw a couple fucking pennies at him
Just a chip off the old block
Chipped tooth ruth got some dick off my swole cock
Cause I bag bitches, she's a zip off the old lock
And thats just a logo on the center of that old box
Oh stop, tryna be me, kids will go cop anything
That I put on from the gold watch to the boxers that I put on
Probably cause I'm goin harder than erect cock dick through a botox
Oh shit, you're as hard as senior citizens dick
Oh fuck, don't slip break hips and pop backs
Show some respect to old chaps with my left fist
Cause I'm the next best spitting wreck thats left here
That's my ex bitch
Her? She's my next bitch
Have you met her mouth? No? Oh that's my bestest
Bestie, and she gets beastie
And she's my favorite babysitter cause the children never exit
I was taught to act my shoe size, I'm eleven and a half
Cock the umbrella cause when I spit Seven on your ass
It's gonna be mid stage Coachella
Shake's faggot ass keep hatin'
But I work hard for the shit that I got
So it's still fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Planet Earth
All associates can suck cock
"Tyler, you... obviously have some fucking problems...
And, this is... this is the end of this session, let's... anything else you've gotta say?"

Mom is getting jealous, I see my manager more
Than I see her before I go on tour and it hurts (yeah)
I miss the days when this was fun, but now it turned into work
And getting legal, so I got to watch the shit that I blurt out (As you should, that shit's outrageous...)
My friends are turning into opposites
Because my life is turning into opposite of sloppy wrist
And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick
Harder than the white kids who copy shit
Ending it is all I fucking think about, that's the shit I think about
All alone, bawling 'til my motherfucking eyes bleed
See, he's a leader in person and smile, shit gets disgursting
When there's no person around, talking discussion shit, man, fuck
(I'm here to talk to you) I'm putting myself at a distance
For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant (Who, Travis?)
Niggas saying "Free Earl" without even knowin' him
See, they're missing a new album, I'm missing my only friend

You have everyone around you, with... thirty names a day?
I don't see what it is? I mean, you--not like you don't have anyone to talk to...
I'm here for you, I'm your friend
When I say Odd, y'all say Future
Odd... Uh-uh, nah, that shit's corny as fuck, fuck!
Tyler, you're doin' good. You have a cult following, you're-
To these white kids?
Oh, my gosh

Charbroiled nigga on these dark beats
Nauseous with the Nazi but it's normal what the cops see
Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop, see
Mommy was a living single queen with a lat ti
So while my wallets piling with symbolic colored paper
I lace her, cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age
20, why didn't she get that abortion?
Probably cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing
Into a Grammy-winning schizophrenic fucking orphan
Oops, I mean bastard, skinny-ass disaster
Mom works hard, still working on her masters
Son lies about taking classes at community college
Just to record some bullshit he calls Bastard
Start a fuckin cult, clash his talents in a brash way
Before he even had a mustache and cash
And all I got was a fucking shitty article in Thrasher

"Alright, just calm down"
"That ain’t shit, man"
"Now don’t, don’t, don’t make yourself seem guilty. That, that article was great"
"No, fuck that, nigga"
"You're beating yourself up and your living the fucking life right now, kid! When I was your age, I would have loved to be fucking doing the things that you're doing right now"
"Fuck that… fuck all this shit"
"You, you, you act like I’m not here"
"You're not"
"I'm exactly who you’re supposed to be talking to"
"You don’t fucking help me with shit
You don’t help me with shit, fuck!"
"Yeah, you get... that, that—who wouldn’t do that?"
"Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"Who wouldn’t, who wouldn't shoot their friend?"
"Old fucking fuck!"
"That’s fine, it’s not your fault"
"I killed my fucking friends... fuck!"
"I’m gonna need security in here, and, uh…"
"Fuck! I didn't fucking sign up for this shit!
I'm, I'm not fucking crazy—I'm a fucking table! I'm a fucking table!"
"Yes, come quick. He’s losing it"
"No, fuck this shit!"
"Tyler, calm down"

I'mma grab the Nina (No!) and find a nice arena
Cause I can’t even choose between Ortega or Sabrina (Get security in here.)
And I’m not even human, I’m a body shaped demon
With some semen in my sack and some problems in the back (Calm the fuck down!)
And a life that’s fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate
And a gat that’s filled with love, now let opposites attract
I can finally be one (No!) like a marriage in a church
But this marriage has a hearse and the parents of the one
That’s getting married has a curse and it’s made up inside of him
Too late to reimburse but, wait, it gets worse!
All the guests that’s in the church all decided to disperse (Tyler...)
So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse (You don't want to do this...)
So they tied the knot, now it’s too late to reverse
This arrangement (Yes, it is) and the nurse is amazed
At the hurt that he was painting (Calm the fuck down!)
But it was obvious in all the photos he was paining
Now a bunch of whispering immerse

"Yeah, he's right there. Security's right there."
"Shit! No, get away from me."
"Get him."
And then the nurse blurts
("Come here.")
"What the fuck is his problem? Here, we have two doses to give him, here"
Why didn’t anybody ask him first?
("Get on the ground!") "Hold him down."
"I’ve been asking you this whole time, Tyler..."
"Get the fuck away from me! Get away from me!" ("Come here, motherfucker!")
Because nobody gave a fuck
"Get the fuck off of me..."
Someone gave a fuck Tyler
And, uh... the person that gave a fuck was me
See, you’re not, going crazy... it’s me. I’m your best friend, Tyler
I know everything, I know everything about you
You’ve been helping yourself this whole time. Your friends? They’re just figments of your imagination
Dr. TC... See Tyler, I’m your conscience
I’m Tron Cat, I’m Ace, I’m Wolf Haley, I’m... (Me)
I don't fucking like this shit, fuck
Ah!

Tall ugly nigga with lips bigger than Tigger
Only blue print on these Vans like I don't listen to Jigger (Uhh)
Cotton-picking nigger, Golf Wang season sicker than the block
Colette and skateshops, where wolves deal 'em (Uhh)
Workshop is awesome, ask Dill and let's pretend
Like I'm not making dollar Bill Withers on these fucking stickers (Uhm)
Pulling down my zipper and she quick to say she doesn't suck
Bitch, cut the crap like dyke booty when they scissor (Uhh)
Pink haired Mrs., I'm her mister, sipping Slurpees, bag of chips
Now show your tits for mister Fuji, take a picture (Uhh)
OF is popping like a blister, need some Listerine
Spitting got us balling like we Mr. Clean's sister (Uhh)
Sick of being black, sipping paint thinner out a tin flask
Plotting on the babysitter before dinner
And hopefully I get her, if I don't, fuck it then
See I never simp son, polar opposite of Smithers, I'm done bitch

Until the ozone leaves and the Earth is hot
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot
The moon now working and the stars align
I stay golden, y'all thought I was out my mind
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Yeah
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Yeah) Yeah

(Somebody told me...) I had a decline in the buzz
Not a shocker bruh, I had the stun gun in my bum
And when I drop shit you better have a towel and a sponge
And ask Bob bitch, I eat a ton bucket of chum
In Bikini Bottom, I am the biggest problem
This shit fishy niggas dip like we were set in Harlem
Heaters turn them into nuggets like Carmelo Anthony
We just sit and burn shit just like my fucking anthem

It's a dog eat dog world, don't get bit bruh
A son of a bitch I am, yup, I'm a sick pup
(I thought that you were nice) Yeah I am, slut
I'm also half ass a racist who hates niggas, yep, I'm a mixed mutt
'Preme is the top bunk, green is the pillow case
Golf is the bed sheets (Hat and my T-shirt)
TrashWang sticker on that Chima Fergolfson
I'm real with the box, and I murder with the pen
It's Bimmer Boy's, boy; never swerving in the Benz
I'm listening to Dead Sam demos on the ten
Can I get a medium with cheese and bacon?

It's Loiter Squad nigga...
Fucking Loiter Squad...
(That shit was fucking crazy)
Yeah
(Damn)

Yo, Wolf, nigga
What? Why are you running?
Sam's after you
Sam's after who?
You!
For what? What the fuck?
He found out that you and Salem been hanging out, he said he gonna kill you
Kill me? What the fuck you mean kill me?
You got a booger in your nose
What the, wait, slow down, wait, slow down, what the fuck you mean he gonna kill me?
I don't know, he just said he gonna kill you
Not if I get to him first
Slip it in her drink, and in the blink of an eye
I can make a white girl look chink
Don't know what to think, 'cause last time I attempted this shit
The judge ordered me to see a shrink
Started with the link
Contended her to meet me at the local Odd Future Wolf Gang skating rink
We was uniquely in sync
Already fuckin' and we only met last week
We were both young, not yet antique
So her mindset was working for my technique
Tell her that I love her and by next week
You can hear her shriek from the gashes in her cheeks
No, I'm not a freak, I am meekly a creep
The neighbors by the creek says my house stinks
And it reeks on the sheet, girl
Streaks of red, even though all pussy is pink
Oblivion makes obvious seeks
Which make meats for my obvious feasts
Used to just blot up thoughts, plot, and rethink
Now I get daughters and tie 'em and clink
Got my dick harder than iron and zinc
Now they just rot up, arms caught in the sink
Where they get cut up to fit my physique
Critique my chic in this brand new mink, go

Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, ohh (Fish!)
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh
(Yeah) Oh, oh (Wolf Gang)
(Wolf Haley) Oh, ohh (How you doin'?)
(All good?) Oh, oh (Cool)
(We cool?) Oh, ohh (I'm upset)

Bitches running 'round down, pussy take a trip
Make her strip, got my dick harder than the unzip
Tyler swiftly slips his dick inside of Taylor Swift's slit
Round trip in that pussy, here comes a ticket
Film clips popping on that Canon
Busting Ottoman cannons, on the pill
Is he real? Gaza stripping (In my living room)
Wolf Gang full moon, I'm assuming mushrooms (Mushrooms)
I'm a necrolampoon, not of Charles Mansoon
This fuck is ending soon because I'm ejaculating

(Frankie, Frankie)
Now I'd like to take this time of day
To thank the Mother Earth
(Thank you Momma, thank you Momma) (Fish!)
Letting the sun shine down on the lake
While I fish your waters
Ooh, hide your daughters, hide your sisters
Hell, hide grandmama too (Grand, yeah)
'Cause the fisherman's raping everybody in the pool
He on the loose, yeah (Yeah)

Got to wash it down, all this gold is fuckin' bait
Wait 'til you see the semen swimming
Baby, please not half, the whole is great
Morals? Your body's near that coral reef
It was once upon a time you came home with me
Then the next chapter left you in my teeth
Fill your gills with goo
Going deeper than Pacific Ocean
This specific motion
Makes this hammerhead puke
Got to wear a wetsuit, can’t get seasick
I love when you're in fishnets, you want me to eat you
You’re fucking wet, fish

So I met this girl at the club
And I just wanted her to suck my dick
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she's drunk and talkin' to me a lot
Until we go to another room
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little slut whore sucks cock for a little more bucks
Than them other sluts fuck for, real easy
Cause I didn't even knock on the front door, sleazy
I used the welcome mat as a cum rag
And all the Wolves fucked too, yeah she’s a cum bag
Filled with a bunch of shit I purchased at a drug store
Four more Dora-looking sluts let me explore
Until my cock got sore and started growing cold sores

Now she thinks that I like her
But all I really wanted was that mouth
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she text messages me every day
And I don't ever hit that bitch back
And that's because (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little hoodrat started jockin at my jock strap
Until my uncircumcised penis finally unwrapped
Flapping up and down until the cack finally go splat
Now you gotta spat, spit it out until you do scat
Then you gotta sat and shit it out, bitch, fuck your feelings
You wasn’t feeling shit when you was down there kneeling
Now shut the fuck up you got another dick to deal with

Now why can't we fuck with this bitch? (She's boppin')
Wait, tell him why we can’t fuck with this bitch, y'all? (That bitch she boppin')
What is she? She a BB, what does that stand for? (She boppin')
She, what do she be doin'? (She boppin')

Now I'm at a fuckin' clinic
'Cause my dick is swollen' and keeps itchin'
Nigga, I'ma kill this bitch (She's a boppin' bitch)
Bitch (She a boppin' bitch)
(She a boppin' bitch)

Where's my gun? (She boppin') I'ma kill this bitch
Why am I gon' kill this bitch?
To all my niggas out there listenin', that bitch (She's boppin')
And don't let her suck your dick or you'll get hurt
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors, nigga
Money, money, money, money
Money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me nigga, you not impo'tant
I'm focused
(Two, three, four) Bring in the horns
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket
I'm short of a sandwich, I'm peanut butter
Boyce Watkin's a faggot, please come and get me
Said I suck him at your neck, like a hickey, boy I'm sicky
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin' with me
I got banned from New Zealand, whitey called me a demon
And a terrorist, Goddamnit, I couldn't believe in it
Ban a kid from a country, I never fall, never timber
But you fucked up as a parent, your child idol's a nigger
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack
And fuck your Snapchat
Cherry Bomb
The greatest fuckin' album since the days of sound
And that shit gon' pop
Just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, 'bout to drop
Gas 'em up, thick exhaust
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin', we the truth, call him Simba, beats his hooves
Tyler, The Creator sweatin' Jesus juice
Put that fuckin' cow on my level, 'cause I'm raising the stakes
Mom, I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
When we ate it's the steaks, now our section is great
'Cause that's the level I'm at, my niggas pass 'em a plate
'Ye!
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin'
But I feel like Michael Jordan
Scottie Pippen at my weddin'
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't Lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite or somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?"
Yeah, my nigga; it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on
I know they told they white daughters
"Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype
I am the light and the beacon
You can ask the deacon
It's funny, when you get extra money
Every joke you tell just be extra funny
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck, hold up
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level
Had a drink with Fear, and I was textin' God
He said "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"
For your boy
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren
With the vertical doors
I'm watchin' Freak and Geeks
Got a trampoline in my room, damn
(2, 3, 4)
Hold your fuckin' horses
Niggas really fuckin' thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction
Been exhausted
I been workin'
While y'all silly bros smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin' losers
This them Golf boys, like them Hot Boys
For the nine-nine and two-thousand
But its the two-thou'
And the one-four
And the one-five
Yo, what up Wayne?
What up Slime? Nigga, go hard
Yeah, I'ma go hard like before 'caine
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad, and she give brain
That's that road head (Yeah)
That's a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one-nine-nine-one
'Nother nigga like I, you won't find one
'Cause nigga I'm a god, a divine one
Tune
My trigger finger wise
But my 9 dumb Yeah
Middle finger blind
So it's fuck A-N-Y-one
Fuck, skate, and die son
A hundred ways to die son
I'm starin' at a tramp-on-lean
Make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks
Wake my high up
Stakes are high, well done, and prime cut; eat up
I stick my Rolie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness
Wayne, them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy' buddy
Ye, we hittin' models
Like Tony Parker be hittin' bottles
Bitch, I'm goin' harder than yellow cabbies stoppin' for Lionel
(Black ass nigga)
They be duckin' us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling
Boy, lets get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas
I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses
And a couple trees, where the money grow
And get bodies burnin'
'Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper
Or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
My new music's all over the street like Erick Sermon was
Fuck us
Maybe we should team up
Anti-Golf boys
'Cause I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot (Uhh..)
Nah faggot, it's Golf Wang
(2, 3, 4)
Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D (Star Trak)
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit (what?) now I kick it in the 'burbs

Me? I'm from the slums, niggas who push a ton
Ton of drums, with foul flow, dirty mouth, like kissing bums
Mama done made her one, um, a witty son
With no respect for women, so show me your titties hun (what?)
You eighteen? Me? I'm twenty-somethin'
OK, I'm twenty, but I'm soon to be twenty-one
I wild out at shows, break shit, it should be fun
Venues are like pussy with me, "Should he come?"
I'mma wax that like the chapstick in my backpack for my black lips
Then dip to Europe and come back with a stack of cheese
A stack of cheese for these rats, um, that mac and cheese
New 'Preme shit got me feeling flyer than a bag of bees
Fuck critics ("How's your dick?") Shit, how's your knees?
Y'all on my dick more than my index when I take a pee
I came up with ''Rella'', ain't touch a bag of weed
Shit was doper than Whitney Houston's needs
Golf Wang, that's the team to be, ay
Getting T.U., O.F., indeed
We was missing Sweatshirt, like "Where's the hooded sleeve?"
Okay, nevermind, we found him, yeah

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Guess I win, checks started cashing in
I stop rapping and start asking where my fucking passion is
Probably where that faggot went (who?) Tyler talking father problems
Shocking shit, he spit to popping topics in them gossip columns
I ain't ask for this, I did it out of boredom
Thought that roach was cool, he died and pushed me into stardom
Now; Ye's, PJs, sipping leche
Chips Ahoy, boy, listening to "Cowboy", ay!
Boy, land in Melbourne and skate to Fitzroy, ay!
AUS was awes', I enjoyed, boy
Y'all niggas played as a tot's toy
Have a good day as I annoy, oi

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Canons with panorama views
My shoes that seen more vans than Mexicanas
Or crackers in Alabama
G-O-to-the-L-F, this OF
I opened up a store so I don't stress
But nigga, I (what?) mosh in gardens
Jazz punk shit, playing chords
Making up shit, pardon my Dolly Partons
And I keep shartin'
Hoodies with rectangles and different colors
Niggas think I started kindergarten


My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars
Hair blowing in the wind
Her freckles look like candy bars
Hair blowing in the wind
My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars (handle bars)
Hair blowing in the wind (ooohh)
Her freckles look like candy bars (shit)
My cool summer never ends (cool)
My bitch is on my handle bars
Yeah (bars, bars)
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
Uh, Jesus, heheh
Nigga this is my cup
Drink the cyanide up
Dope as fuck
So I would really shoot a group of guys up
Deep thought I'm often lost in (Fuck it)
Put me next to awesome
Still can't tell the difference
Just like Asians with their eyes shut
Butt fuck a couple Rots
In the Wendy's parking lot
Barking at the sight of light from my bright sparkling
Cock-a-doodle
Eatin' toaster strudel
At a nude beach in Rome
In a black Bape spaghetti strap made of Ramen noodles
My bitch is bad
Mixed with a thicky ass
Get my dicky rocky
This will end up in a sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face, now I'm kicking ass
Life's a bitch, fuck college, mommy, I am ditching class
I rather be happy than fucking forty
So fuck the teacher's lecture I'm having Sydney record me
For the 2Dope– (They didn't like it)
Oh well
Let's get XXL to write us a fucking story

Fucking aw, get you some
Obviously intended pun
Same time it took Jason Dill to get the stitching done
Custom made, one of one
Sold out Roxy performance
Ski mask color of a pickle just to perform Sandwitches
Started back in fucking London
Cracker children wanted something
They could bump and punch a bunch of fucking faces
(Stomp 'em out)
Moshing pits to breaking arms
Zombie Circus not a carn–
Evil wolves is on the farm
And were all evil harmed
Any sheep creep
Quiet tendered sleep
Make a peep
Fucking body will go missing in a week
Roam around the city with her titties like a fucking greek
God
Bastard was the shit, explains why it never leaked
I am coming of my age with my Memphis Bleek
Shooting from the sky, the only problem is the missing beak
(Once I have my wings and my motherfucking chain)
Oh, that's the black talking in me
Let me down a couple cups of bleach

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree lick a couple pimple covered clits
From some stripping lesbian dykes that fight niggas
That like to rap about those dykes that fight niggas
Alright
Enough with this shit, let's talk business
Acquire more currency, disregard bitches
Go to Shake's house and play Goblin in his kitchen
Then force him and his mom to listen to track six, then
If he doesn't like it I'll just slice his fucking dick and
Put it in the cabinet where the fucking cookies and chips is
Take a bunch of pictures, and
Post 'em on my Twitter, then
Go to Jimmy Fallon, like "Faggot, when we perfomin'?"
Then a bunch of Golf Wang niggas start stormin'
On the stage
In a rage that will scare Zack Rocha
Better get ya tanks before this wolf war's over
History repeats itself, I'm a O.F. soldier
Random disclaimer! Hey, don't do anything that I say in this song, okay? It's fucking fiction. If anything happens, don't fucking blame me, White America, fuck Bill O'Reilly. Four, three, two, one

What the fuck I look like, saying I'm sorry
To a bunch of fucking fags that can't potentially harm me?
I ain't never gonna bow down to your expectations
By the way, I got sixty fucking wolves that'll guard me
That skate hard, Thrash black hoodies, try something
Make sure your fuckin' feelings end up up in a Glad bag
Fuck all your opinions, I'm tyin' 'em with a shoestring
And fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
Odd Future Wolf Gang, we came together cause we ain't have nobody else. Do you? You just might be one of us. Are you?

Fuck cops, I'm a fucking rock star
Rebel and defiance makes my motherfucking cock hard
Fuck pigs, fuck guards, all some fucking retards
Fuck school, I'm a fuck up? Fuck Harvard
I ain't got no fucking money (hey mom)
I ain't got no motherfucking daddy, he ain't teach me shit
Child support ain't come, that faggot still ain't bought me anything
Fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
They want us to go to they schools and be fucking miserable at they fucking college, studying that bullshit, fuck that. Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You

Fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

You hear that, nigga? That's cult shit right there, nigga. Wolf Gang! Fuck everybody else nigga! Stand for something, get money nigga! Wolf Gang in this bitch, nigga, we sixty deep. Fuck with me, nigga. Odd Future, nigga. Stand the fuck up! I'm not saying just to go out and do some stupid shit, commit crimes. What I'm trying to tell you is, do what the fuck you want. Stand for what the fuck you believe in, and don't let nobody tell you can't do what the fuck you want. I'm a fucking unicorn, and fuck anybody who say I'm not. Wolf Gang

Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go...

"You gotta let these shits go, man. It's not making sense to you right now but... all these little dreams you got, they're not shit. All this rebellion, all this crazy shit you got, saying this shit... getting too old for this shit, man, you gotta grow out of it. Growing up, your dreams are getting bigger. You gotta look at reality, understand that shit so you don't get caught. I'm just being real."
"Nigga, fuck you."
"I'm just trying to help you man, trust me."
"Look, I mature day after day nigga. You don't know shit, you're a fucking therapist."
"Whatever."
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

Shit's getting warmer, on that corner
Gotta watch out for them 5-0 foreigners
Your mother's a goner
I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar
You got a daughter, shit's getting harder
The only thing you wanna bunk her was your freedom
You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep
And the seashore ain't saw ya
You got a mother, she don't support you
But you bought her a new house cause you love her
Growing up you barely had a roof
Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof
I guess you’re accustomed what you’re used to
So you bought two, nigga
They coming for you, nigga
Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches
Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets
And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind
And it’s all an illusion
Who was alludin', all of this potent?
I am the reason your family is using and shooting up
It's my fault
You can, blame me, motherfucker
For killing your aunties and uncles
The hustle and hunger
All I wanted was a cheeseburger
And a little chain, tucked
Didn’t realize this game fucked, up some lives
Oh, how's mine?
My conscience eats it up all the time
But, other than that I’m fine
I got a little money in my pocket

48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

Nigga, we broke as fuck
Homie got a chop shop, I stole that truck
And I sold that dope, motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke
But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry (yeah)
She could have been a doctor, nigga, I’m sorry (yeah, nigga)
Could have been an actor and won that Oscar, said I'm sorry
I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
But I got a nice car, put my sister through school
While my momma all cool, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
I'm in too deep and I can’t see the shore, I'm sorry

You get addicted to the flip, we used to call it
You get addicted to the flip (I'm sorry)
The, the, the, the transaction, the hustling (I'm sorry)
Even more than the money, it's just your job (I'm sorry)
You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man
And make this happen for that person (I'm sorry)
And to do this and do that
You become the go to guy forever
Next thing you know you’re in too deep
Way too deep, it'll scare the shit out of you
You wind up with so much work, that you'd be scared to death
It's important for us to realize man, we gotta get out of that, man
You know, dudes is buying choppers
Shoot down the people that look just like them
Dudes is buying guns to take down each other
Nobody wins, ya know what I mean?
Um, excuse me mister but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga
I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego here so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named the album Cherry Bomb because Greatest Hits sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules, she said that I must
I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk who's in charge of this Golf shit
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant"
And who I are isn't really important
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick
It's young T
I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
Better pose, boy you better pose
And it's your life nigga I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now you're face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga you ask for this life
Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
And my fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
Special
So let's go
Let's go oh-oh
Oh, let's go
I wanna go
Mmm
Treehome
Bridge!

Colorful you are
Yeah, that won't stop
You're my favorite crayon in the box
Let's think outside the lines
Come to my treehouse, yeah let’s escape
Then let me go, head first in your lake
From what I heard, it's great
It's great
There's a party

Tuesday is good news day
Not usually a full tray
Can you pack your PJs?
There's a party
Come into my treehome
Boy, you must be special
I'm special, baby
No one ever comes here


Left Brain, Wolf Haley
Golf Wang, Free Earl, uh

Goddamn I love women
Daydream about penis being in 'em
Meet them with a big grin with a Mac-10
Rope, katana, and then I skin 'em
All beige suit made out of white women
With the red lipstick, dancing to John Lennon
With the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim
They can catch me in the spot where the sun don’t shine
Bitch don’t mind me, shake your hiney
The only motherfucking Wolf here that spit venom
You’re a bad bitch with a real good kitten
And I got the appetite of them fat black women
Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em
Lookin' like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em
I am tryna get Miss Piggy by the motherfucking hairs of her chinny chin chin
Umm, what’s that? The cock of a black dude
Mad cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (aww, fuck it)
I’ll take her to the back room dungeon, fighting and punching
And now the slut is under the fucking assumption
That I will be fucking and munching her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but that’s not from the time signature of the month, umm

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Goddamn I love bitches
Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes
Cook and clean and grant my wishes
And make me and the Wolf Gang sandwitches
Transylvania crypt let's take a, tour
Bitch try getting through that black trap, door
Keep yelling and working them vocal chords
And that’ll be more of a reason that you'll get slapped canup, for
Is that Ford trunk's comfy? (Fuck you!)
Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy
That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me
Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me?
She keeps sending me garlic
How many times I gotta tell her I’m allergic
(I like your cape) Oh this Bathing Ape cape?
Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target
Fangs are sharp and I hope you know
That all I really want from you is that throat
I can’t eat pussy cause I might leave cuts
Then there’s blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus
On the channel, a fucking animal, leaking like pairs of candles
Bitch, is it hard to handle?
I don’t want a bride, I just want bone marrow

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Bite her in her fucking neck, bite her in her fucking neck
Bottom of the fucking lake, bottom of the fucking lake
Call my gang of wolves and bats, call my gang of wolves and bats
It’s a full moon tonight, and these hoes ain’t acting right
It’s because I’m Dracula bitch, (swag, swag, swag)
It's because; Left Brain, Wolf Haley, Free Earl, Golf Wang...
Tyler we ah, I know it's short notice but I brought all your friends here
For some reason I couldn't get a hold of Taco and Jasper
But, I just brought all your friends to talk to you
Because, they're really worried about you
I thought it would be better if, they could talk to you

Where we at, niggas?
Where the fuck we at, man? You niggas don't know me, huh
Where we at?

Down to fucking Earth, huh, down to fucking Earth, huh
Fuck everybody, here goes some extra girth Sir
You fucking critics are making my nerves hurt
Since I'm saying fuck everybody I guess that I'm a fucking pervert
My window is a book and I'm a fucking crook
Stealing phones to call home but the line is off the hook
My mom ain't paid the bill, guess I can't pay it either
I ain't signed a fucking deal yet
But when I do Clancy and Dave are taking percentages
That could pay the whole fucking city's mortgage
Hopefully I make a lot of porridge from touring in fucking Oregon
From playing piano organs and hopefully I can pay the bill
Shit is getting real, people begin to feel
Like I'm changing, but their complaining making big fucking deals
About some shit, they bitch and pout
(Can we get backstage man?) No, faggot, it's sold out
(Come on why you holding out, I though we was boys, without me
You wouldn't be Tyler the Creator, you're from the Dirty
I can tell whenever you perform, a leopard can't change it's spots)
But I'm a fucking unicorn (Whatever man)
Look, you can't stop me, I'm going full monty
Fuck that, I'm Hitler, everyone's a fucking Nazi
Wolf Gi-di-dang you be roaming where the fox be
And I be where, anybody cares
I try to preach "Fuck age, live dreams and have fun"
(Here’s some give a fuck, cake) Oh, maybe I should have some
(Asshole, have none) How can I wake up on the wrong side
Of the bed, when I don't even fucking have one?
When I'm on that stage I feel important
A whole fucking assortment of children that's taking Ritalin
Because the teacher said that the therapist wasn't feeling him
You gotta be fucking kidding me
At school I was a zero, now I'm every boy's hero and they fear it
You can hear it when that little fuck is reciting my lyrics, yeah I'm rebel nigga
Cheer it, dead parents everywhere, it's smelling like teen spirit
Okay, fuck it, Elvis has left the building
All y'all niggas smoking y'all brains out
In the car called life take the lame route
Going nowhere fast but you think that you not
Cause you never hesitate to take the thang out
In the drop top, pop the trunk then pop pop
At his drop top, took another lame out
Oh you the big nigga? Took a hit nigga?
Well I hope you understand you ain't shit nigga
Cause them niggas whole purpose is to get niggas
And make sure that your mama cry the pain out
Now that gang is out to get you
But you stuck in the same house
Nigga never came out, wow
It's a shame how you got sucked in that life
But hey man at least you got a name now
They say you a "real nigga" cause you kill niggas
Nuts for that ice and that cream banana peel niggas
Banana clips spill, niggas wanna bang out
For they approval boy, you can't even hang out
That light you hit, it was the light I held
That's why you never ever see me with my chains out
I don't need to, truth they don't feed you
Lies what they got on their plate, they gon eat you
They got a homie called Karma he gon meet you
Better look the other way if he ever see you
And run as fast as you can, nigga
Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh?
Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh?
Oh, you be trapping out the bando selling grams, huh?
Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh?
You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need
I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me
See, I look in the mirror and he said, "You are the man"
And I said, "Hey man, I agree"
Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow
Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow
Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos
They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto
Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo
Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o
Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o
Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr?
I'm the truth and the dare
And you can get your ass beat like a kick and a snare
ScHoolboy's my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s
That boy's not that bad, enh, it's no Biggie
It's the G-O, the L-F, we go-go, no homo
We black out, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy
No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy man
We been that man since Batman had a sidekick
Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas
And them bitches blue like that family went to the Dodgers
Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't bitch, I'm a problem
And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin
Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter
All my shows got one black in it like Larry David
And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo
Brent Lowe, my motherfucking bingo
Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole
And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow
Don't get offended, love being darkskinned
23 with the crib and I don't got no tenants
And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis
Is that diamonds on your neck? Stay the fuck out my business
See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on
That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron
Motors Flog Gnaw, Vans on, fuck your Jordans
Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals
Boy, I'm a sicko, flaco nigga, but kinda macho
Boy, I got some vatos and shout out to ScHooly, he kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese
Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles
Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that
Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that
Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that
(Man, he really took the store)

Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker
Anything that'll piss you muthafuckas off
I don't even smoke and I'm a level up of all of y'all
Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card
I'm special, nigga
Who the fuck are you?!
I'm special, nigga
They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem
Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers
Lead by example, how?
All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father
Boy, I'mma bring the noise
I got my own beat and we all got drums
What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about
You on your grind who the one that got the wep at their house?
Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose
This nigga call me a clown, nigga I own the circus
Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded up like a papaya
You know I golf bitch like I been sleepin' with Tiger
Woody woody, my mob, mob is goodie we Oddkast
We o-K-K-K just like the clan
Hoodie golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package
In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot
Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga!?
I'm a bad case of I don't even know
I'm about to tear the shit out this goddamn house
I think I'm about to blow my muthafuckin' brains out
Tyler, take a chill pill, nigga
I don't want to play you
I just want to tape you undressing
And I'll lay you down and record soft porn
If it's romance then it's hardcore
If it's horror, pop the popcorn
The thoughts to rape you really turns me on

Press my buttons baby
Press my buttons
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby

You're my favorite show, any chance I get I try to watch
Die hard fan can't stop with the tapings
Sort of like a psycho when I can't stop with the rapings
Of the VHS, especially during sex baby

Ready to watch? I'm a slip it in the tape deck
But put it in slow-mo, I don't want to bust the tape yet, press play
Now this is what I call an evening
A live show, almost equivalent to the screening
Your dream movie? I'm the clearest copy
Now time for Blow, I'm Johnny deep with the rarest poppy
Snort a little, now you're getting groovy
Cause I'll kill if I find out you're watching some other movies, bitch
Stop!

Danielle, Danielle, yeah you heard about Raquel
Well that didn't go well, let us try to make it swell
Put the beaver in the mail, we can take it slow like snail
Lock my heart up, this is jail, throw away the key

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

We can kick it on the couch, blunt you can roll it up
But I'm on some shrooms if you really want to feel the room
I just want to kick it, kick it for the rest
I skated all day, I just need some rest and your breasts

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

We can count the stars on the hood of your father's car
He's a buster anyway, I can take him any day
Look into your eyes I realize that I like you so much
That was corny, now I'm horny, can I have a kiss?

We both teenagers with the same mind state
How about some ice cream and some South Park for this first date?
Your cat is waiting for that raw fish I can't wait, get it?

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um


Hey girl, what's your name? Do you wanna suck a dick?
Who am I? Wolf Haley, yeah I'm known for punchin' bitches
In the fuckin' brain, do wanna give me some?
No you don't? Why you won't? Oh, you're a fuckin' nun
Didn't mean to offend, oh, you're a lesbian
So I'm guessin' you don't really like to put your trust in men?
Who do I trust? Um, heroine addicts and
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, yeah I can count on them
Who is him? Signed proof in a suit
Preme' six panel cap with the green brim
It's box logo this, box logo that
Usually a caucausian, big swallow on the cack, oh snap
I am, spittin' like I got chipped tooth, pop some Prozac
Golf Wang nigga, know that or that can
Turn into some neck, gettin' snapped up properly
Tyler Creator and Casey Veggies, fuck broccoli
I really made this song just so I could perform it
I don't even know how to perform it
Aw, nah, boy don't cut that wood
Found out your flowers don't smell that good
But if they smell real good to him
Then he don't need anybody else's nose to win
Look, I am a God, nobody prays to the sight of you
All y'all niggas wear camouflage
I'm in a field wearing pink and blue
I wear pink, they can see me
Nigga, you don’t create, you just repeat
Nigga you don’t got drive, you just beep beep
Beep beep, talk shit from the backseat
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I'm the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off (let's get it)
You muthafuckas want war, then come get it
You motherfuckas want war and i want more
Nigga fuck you and everything that you come for
You motherfuckas wanna blow?
Pow, pow-pow, pow-pow
Then let’s take ‘em to the gun store
I don't got enough time, fuck your rolex nigga
Don’t compare him to mine, ‘cause I don’t know that nigga
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I’m the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it
You muthafuckas want war?!
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
"I'm saying, you know, like. All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down. You know, like, you know, grow up. Don't grow down, grow out. You go from being a kid, just doing your thing, hanging out with your friends. Months later you're world famous. You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it. You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler. Fuck you, Tyler!"

In a world where kids my age are popping Mollies with leather
Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather
Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether
Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better
I was the drama club kid, I run where the fun did, my nuts itched
I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit"
Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one
Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some
See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's
And I be gassing up my buzz like some bees at a Shell
Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some Braille
I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well
I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself
These fucking rappers got stylists cause they can't think for themselves
See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but
Really, boy? Poseurs looking silly, boy
I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi
Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like oil ollie in fire flames
I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game
The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name
About as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes
But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hates dentists
God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished
And my shit's missing, he hates women, but love kittens?
See y'all niggas tripping, man
Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong
Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs
Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me
Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat
Look at the kid who had the 9 and tried to blow out his mind
But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time
Look at the ones in the crowd -- that shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh?
But then again, I'm an atheist that just worships Satan
And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements
And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing
Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for they fucking ratings
"Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape
All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes
But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints
But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank
Oh but no but, shit, who really gives a fuck what I think?
My fans don't, they turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct
Fuck buying studio time, I'ma go purchase a shrink
Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch



Went to Six Flags, six fags came up
And said "Ayo! Can we get a pic?" I said no
And they said "Oh! It's Wolf Gang, "Yonkers", Goblin is my shit though"
Now I'm like, "fuck, I don't want to be an asshole"
So I'm sitting there posing with Travis, Devon
With a fake smile like her titties was drawing it on
So fucking annoyed 'cause I missed Goliath
'Cause some kid said I was there, then they caused a riot
Now I'm surrounded by a 25 hound of fuckers tryna get a photo
All because they noticed the top with the box logo
And them fucking ears, guarantee they didn't even hear Bastard
They bandwagon-jumped me from a pogo
I'm going fucking loco, "Hey, Tyler, can I...?"
No, bitch, don't you see me tryna buy a fucking churro?
"But Tyler, you're my hero, I used to get bullied
Until I heard "Radicals," the last part got to me
See, I used to give a fuck until my cock would bleed
Now I'm the happiest I think I'll ever ever be
My life is just like yours, no father
My momma must have forgot to stop with a popped condom
In school I was the one that was thinking outside boxes
So everybody in them would say that I got problems
So when I heard you say it, I said it back like fuck 'em
You're an inspiration to niggas like me
Not the niggas who like you just 'cause of lyrics and beats
I'm talking 'bout the niggas who don't know where they're going to be
I heard the song "Bastard" right in the moment of heat
Not in summer, but of course, I was holding a heat
Gun on the edge of my feet, I heard that first piano chord
And it drew me in like predators carrying treats
Then I said to myself, "Fuck, is he speaking to me?"
See, me and you, we go together like snare and a beat
I mean snare and a kick drum, see my forearm?
I carved OF on it this morning with a glass shard
On my green mini ramp that I built in my backyard (that's weird)
That's hard, that scar from playing air guitar
When I see you play at the Roxy (uhh)
Tyler, I love you, wanna be just like you (alright)
I think about your face and I don't even fucking try to (no homo)
Wish I had a basement meant for me to hide you
We could play Xbox and listen to "In Search Of..." and eat donuts
Over conversating 'bout what church does
Come up with weird-ass videos with roach bugs
I'm straight edge too, so no drugs on this trip
And Raquel that bitch, you should've killed that bitch
You should've took me instead (uhh, that's weird)
See, if you can't have her then he shouldn't neither
And if I can't have you then she shouldn't either
No one should see you, but me in your t-shirt
I worship you until the fucking wrinkles on my knees hurt (what the fuck)
Odd Future, Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, Flog Gnaw, free Earl mobbing
I know it seems like I'm just slobbing on your knob
But I'm just a fan and I ain't losing my fucking noggin (yeah, you are)
I ain't got a job and I went out and bought Goblin about 5 times
'Cause (Thanks for the support) I love you man (alright)
I like tie-dyed tees or just plain white tees
I like pants that's cut, I like words like "fuck"
I got your pics on my wall with the mouth cut out
Now paper cuts on my balls because your dick's in my jaw (what the fuck)
And I hit you on Twitter about 10 minutes a day
And now I'm bitter 'cause you don't even reply with a "hey" (sorry)
And my boys think I'm gay 'cause I play "VCR"
In my car all alone speakers waking up neighbors..."
All right, my nigga, calm down, it's getting weird, take this pic
So I can get on Colossus, line as slow as molasses
(Tyler, listen) No, nigga, I see you're loving my shit
And I appreciate the fact that you would suck on my dick
But I'm not gay so it's awkward, now I'm grouchy like Oscar
After spilling some shit on his newest pair of beige Dockers
"Yonkers" and "Yonkers" (I love that song) Sick of hearing about "Yonkers"
I'm grateful that it worked, I attacked and I conquered
"Yeah whatever but I had a fucking blast at that concert
I was at the Boston one, I got a t-shirt from Sagan
The one that say "Sagan Lockhart" and when you came out to "Sandwitches"
That's when my fucking boy-crush got started"
Just take this fucking picture man, shit...
Night light hits off, turnin' kisses to bites
I'm a down to Earth nigga, with intentions, that's right
You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight
But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight
We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna fuck
You can tell me all your problems like I really give one
But I give two for us cause you're the one that I want
Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy
See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front
But in the back of my top I'm writing songs about we
We, as including I, and yourself, making three
Little ones, the drums are hitting pretty hard if you ask me
You're a pretty broad in the top three
Of things that I've been waiting to come, so
Meet me by the lake around 10 and skinny dippin' and then
We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn
From Adventurin' Time

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous
I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest
And fornicate with it
But that's because I'm in love with you, cunt

I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt)
I just wanna talk, and conversate
'Cause I usually just stalk you and masturbate
And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date
So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt

One, two; you're the girl that I want
Three, four, five, six, seven; shit
Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this
And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin' gorgeous
You are a whore, you are a whore
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck him
Fuck everything else I can see
I know, fuck you I hate you so fucking much
I know you think I'm crazy
Cause I think you’re a fucking fag

"Sam, the music sounds good, man! You've been practicing?"
"Thanks"
"Sam, this is Wolf. He's new here."
"Sup, dude"
"Wolf, this is Sam. Sam and his band have been here at Flog Gnaw for a while. Sam's gonna show you around while I fill out these last minute field trip slips, alright? Now you guys have fun"
"So, you guys are into jazz?"
"Look. Wolf, Prairie Dog, Ronzell—whatever the fuck your name is. We don't fuck with you or anybody else here, alright? You stay the fuck out of our way and we'll stay out of yours, capisce?"
Fly with the birds in the wind
Where you wanna go, who, what, why, when?
On a scale from nine to ten
You taking L's baby, hold my hand and feel like the wind
Now fasten your seat belt, and turn everything off
I got your attention, mothafucka I'm bout to take off
I'm the new pilot in this bitch
And I ain't bring no extra baggage for this trip
But I do bring a terror like I hate America
A brand new camera and a parachute
Nigga you and I are not the same, we not parallel
Don't talk to me 'fore I fuckin' embarrass you
Now sit your ass down you doin' three much
I'm the captain on this bitch, don't get it fucked up
Or you'll get fucked up
I'm so far ahead of you niggas I'm in the future
Y'all don't even know about my existence, it's like I'm dead to you
You niggas, I'm sayin',look, y'all be on the stupid shit
I'm the fuckin' pilot, your role is to be the stewardess
I'm the fuckin' bomb like I was stuffing my shoe with it
The boy's a fucking problem like turbulence boy, get used to it
If anything happens its one door
If I see a building, motherfucker we're done for
I'mma hit a couple of 'em up this is Parkour
Better call your family and give 'em your last wishes, nigga
And every line dirty, you thought that I dug ditches
But I never give a fuck, it's like I was born dickless
I don't wanna crash anymore, I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Till there's nothing left in the gas tank
I don't wanna crash, I don't wanna crash anymore
I don't wanna crash anymore
I just wanna soar through the space, let the wind hit my face
Till there's nothing left in the gas tank, I don't wanna crash
I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
Uh, cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
Uh, cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach, yeah
It's kinda weird
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
I'm tryna find a place, a place where I can land at
A place where I can be
With no alphabet dictatin' where to stand at
You can buy a car, you can buy many things
You can buy happiness but you can't buy wings
You can buy a parachute, you can buy a parrot
But you can't buy a pair of wings, aerodynamic
To stay cloud level
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach
Cause I'm in first class but I feel like coach
It's just crazy how you can have everything in the world but
You in first class but you feel like coach, damn
That's why I'm in first class but I feel like coach

A year ago, I was poor, somewhat
Now my future's brighter than Christopher's new haircut
Bruno Mars is still sucking dick and fucking male butts
In the same closet that Tyler Perry gets clothes from
I suck? Where the fuckin Ring Pops?
You got a better chance of getting a copy of Detox
Wolf Gang, we rock, crack rock and that shit was expected
Like Jayceon whenever he name-drop (Fuck you, Tyler)
Jesus, motherfucking Theresa
This nigga Game got Wolf Haley for this feature
My team is running shit like we have full-cleat Adidas
Getting chased by the polices on a full bred Cheetah
Bishop Eddie caught me tryna escape
Bag full of drag and a Nicki Minaj mixtape
Dragging all you fags to the back of the log cabin
Fall back like Lebron's hairline against the Mavericks, he lost
Nigga had the fucking nerve to call me immature
Fuck you think I made Odd Future for?
To wear fucking suits and make good decisions?
Fuck that nigga, Wolf Gang

Who the fuck invited Mr. I Don't Give a Fuck
Who cries about his daddy in a blog because his music sucks? (I did!)
Well, you fucking up, and truthfully I had enough
And fuck rolling papers, I'm a rebel, bitch, I'm ashing blunts (Sorry)
Full of shit, like I ate that john
Come on kids, fuck that class and hit that bong
Let's buy guns and kill those kids with dads and mom
With nice homes, 41k's, and nice ass lawns
Those privileged fucks got to learn that we ain't taking no shit
Like Ellen DeGeneres clitoris is playing with dick
I'm jealous as shit, cause I ain't got no home meal to come to
So, if you do, I'm throwing fingers out screaming "fuck you"
I got ten of these Kennedy's
Not Dom, but if I was a Dahm, I would be Jeffery
'preme hat the color of a leprechaun with leprosy
I'm fucking 'bout it, 'bout it, like I'm Master P in '96
It's fucking immaculate, the way your daughter smacking dicks
Surprised she hasn't taken gymnastic dick inside her alley oop
The Golf Wang hooligans, is fucking up the school again
And showing you and yours that breaking rules is fucking cool again
I'm going harder than a midget jumping over me
Chronic youth, I'm shoving blunt wraps in bitches ovaries
Punches to the stomach where that bastard kid supposed to be
Fuck a mask, I want that ho to know it's me, ugh

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

My love is gone for you mami, you could ride in hearses
I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch, can you nurse this?
You told me life would never, ever, ever get this perfect
Then you smoke a J of weed, and take his kids to the churches
Uh, fuck church, they singing and the shit ain't even worth it
In the choir, whores and liars, scumbags and the dirt, bitch
You told me God was the answer
When I ask him for shit, I get no answer, so God is the cancer
I'm stuck in triangles, looking for my angel
Kill me with a chainsaw, and let my balls dangle
Triple six is my number, you can get it off my Tumblr

Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang
Wolf Gang, triple six crew
It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang
Wolf Gang kill them

It was hilarious, well it ain't fucking funny now
I'll push this fucking pregnant clown into a hydrant stuck in the ground
I step through the stomach, replace the baby with some fucking pounds
"My baby daddy shoot bricks, the nigga also shoot rounds"
Cause if I shoot blanks, oops, thanks
I'm right back in it dead yummy and her mildew stank

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree, suck a couple pimple-covered dicks
Um, Wolf Gang, that's the fucking clique
Golf Wang kill them all nigga, triple six
Fuck 2DopeBoyz, all them niggas bitches
We don't need y'all, The Fader's who we really fucking with, bitch

And we don't fucking make horrorcore, you fucking idiots
Listen deeper than the music before you put it in a box, Wolf Gang
We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater
About a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop
You see my shit isn't stock
I used to piss in a pot and now I piss on the walls
Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets I have copped
But I can pay for them all
And by the model of my vehicle you know that I ball
E92, but '91 the year that Tyler was spawned
And if I crash I'm owing wheels like I'm a Vaughn or a Vince
Tiptronic stick or automatic you pick
Shit is static as shit, sure my shit is a M
Might get that X6 end, don't follow exit him
Might take a back street hidden
House got all sports cars like his garage is gym
Two sapphires on him neck next his precious gems
Now AMG it's in boy I will eat him Benz
New engine, you got that old shit with those deep rims
You got a warranty don't care if you scratchin rims again
We can speed in my 2 seater
Girl I got a 2 seater
Speed in my 2 seater
In my 2 seater
Sit in my passenger seat
You tell me I got too much speed
And I should slow, I should slow down
But I can't, cause you driving me wild
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes it's too much
And you can feel the beat in my heart
Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car
And sometimes it's too much
I know some dudes that would find you that carry rugers
And shottas, and fucking shoot at your Honda
Then fucking zoom out in Mazdas
Them GOLF boys is bad for you like the food from McDonalds
Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin', boy, hakuna matata
Better watch for them hyenas if you flex then they swarm
Cashing so many checks they're calling him Tyler O-Comma
I'm tryna ball like I was Domo O'Connor in '09
Probably September...
Boy I'm just rhyming these syllables, suck my genitals
Album cover looking like the mascot of the timberwolves
Skate park at Pemberton
Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again
Cause I kill the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman
Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking Timbaland
By pounds, I mean in (beep)
Give it till he cop brick like a wall with pig in it
And money coming out the blue
Like cops are changing fits or shit I'm killin' it
Back when Left Brain had the hightop fade
And we would go skate on them concrete waves
And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump
The beat thump, don't get it twisted boy my board's in the trunk (Skate!)
Can you roll my window up?
The fuck you turn my music down for, man?
Can you roll my window up?
Why? Damn!
Cause it's windy!
But I love it when your hair...
Blows, when it blows, when it blows
When your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when it blows
Hanging out the sunroof
I love it when your hair blows
When it blows, when it blows, when your hair blows
Hanging out the sunroof
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches
Listening to Mac DeMarco
Hanging out the roof window
Switch to third gear turbo
Skrting on these niggas
Skrting on these bitches
You can say you don't want to take that drive
But your hair, it blows
I know we'll have a good time
You just gotta stop being scared
Just roll
Just come and roll with me
It's all good
Yeah, man, what's good man, you good? I've been chilling, man. I've been doing some push-ups and shit
For real?
50 a day...Oh w-w-wait...is that that nigga Tyler?
I think so
Bitch ass nigga, here he comes, man FUCK this nigga, man, this nigga stink... w-wait be quiet, be quiet
'Ight
My nigga, T, man, what's good, man, you good? Alright, I see you!
I'm good, man, I'm good, I'm good
Ay, man, I see you with your little girl sh-she looks...okay. Alright, ya'll good, man, alright! Ay, your feature don't start for another 20 minutes, so you can go get your shit up, I can go and get some shit... and I see you with your little jewels and shit too, man!
Aw thanks, man, I'm trying, man, I'm just trying
Yeah, let me know if you need anything...I got you...just...you know...yeah
Alright um...yeah we'll probably walk around and come back when the movie starts whenever
Ight, man, I'mma see you
Ight, my nigga...ight
Fucking FAGGOT, man, I swear to GOD
Yeah
This nigga bitch weak too!
Yeah, she is
God dammit! I'd still fuck!
Swag, 2011
Young Nigga

Sick to my motherfucking tummy
Bitch must think I'm a motherfucking dummy
Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke
Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money
Popping since Bastard, (manager) Clancy's my slave master
Thanks to them crackers, my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighing on Jasper
I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe
Yup, and a couple of them swallowed
Meet me half way, bitch I'm going all in
And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit
Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs
And said I was a racist homophobic
So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing
Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing
You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet
(No homo. Too soon.)
And while y'all are rolling doobies
I be in my bedroom scoring movies
Still excited like a fucking newbie
Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me
Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me
A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty
Four story home, gotta climb eight set of stairs
Just to see where my fucking roof be

Wait a God damn second
I'm tripping balls, David Beckham
Would fall cause shit's going down
Just like Rodney King swimming lessons
Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perms
And purchasing weapons, naming them and aim 'em in One Direction
(wait a minute)
It sounds like midgets in a God damn speaker
Anytime you play this shit loud
But that's just me trying to get milk now
And the grunts of the god damn cow
Hit me on my beeper while Captain Hook suck my Peter
Pan camera, repeat procedure
And when the beat drop, have a goddamn seizure

Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, (Golf Wang!)
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang
Fuck that, Golf Wang

Cut it out! I said I didn’t want no goddamn lettuce. I don’t want that shit! I don’t want your goddamn lettuce. He-he
Yo, fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Nah Right
And any other fuck-nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga
Making his own fucking beats, covers, videos and all that shit
Fuck you post-Drake-ass cliche-jerking, LA-slauson rapping
Fuck-nigga-ass Hypebeast niggas, now back to the album

Well, Tyler, hi, I'm Dr. TC and um, I'm guessing that your teacher sent you here to talk cause you were misbehaving
Um, it's gonna be three sessions: today, tomorrow, and the next day
So, just tell me something about yourself...
Well, look, if you don't talk, I mean, these sessions are going to go slower

This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep
Some food for thought? This food for death, go ahead and fucking eat
My father's dead, well I don't know, we'll never fucking meet
I cut my wrist and play piano cause I'm so depressed
Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed
This meeting just begun, nigga I'm Satan's son

My mother raised me a single parent so it's apparent
That I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers
Are much important I'm getting angrier while recording
I'm feeling like the bulls, I've got a gang of wolves
Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental
Simple but probably not, fuck them

I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck
Drunk white girls the only way I'll get my dick sucked
Suspended from school, coolest nigga without effort
Easy to spot like black bitches with fake leopard
Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on
Cause this album pack enough evil
That you can't fit inside a Jansport, go to school with this

I go from AP to JC inside a fucking week
Waking up with random girls like "Yo, bitch, how the fuck we meet?"
I stay with grandma, she always bitching about her carpet
Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit
No to drugs I never spark it, I used to be bullied for honor classes
By those that were slow as molasses, take this shit to school

Raquel treat me like my father like a fucking stranger
She still don't know I made Sarah to strangle her
Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler
All because she said no to homecoming, demons running
Inside my heads telling me evil thoughts
I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares I caught, go to sleep

I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky
Fuck me the monster said, somehow the monster's dead
Inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil
With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble
I'm on my grind feeble, my music is either
A fucking sin or too illegal play this shit in church

I graduated without honors or fucking father
He died (I'm so sorry) No bitch, don't even fucking bother
I wanted a brother my mother I told her
But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada
So both of our imaginations are creations of the fucking situation
That's having our brains racing like Dayton, wearing some fucking Heelys

I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me
But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly
I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11
Seven, what's religion nigga? I am legend
I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition
I created O.F. cause I feel we're more talented
Than 40 year old rappers talking about Gucci
When they have kids they haven't seen in years, impressing their peers
With the same problem, the only way to solve them
Is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver
Life's a salad, I'm a toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it
Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious
Cause my mother let me do what I want
She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear
The shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid
My father didn't give a fuck, so it's something I inherit
My mom is all I have so it's never meet the parents
When Danielle or Milan decide to fucking share
This confused boy, I wanna hug hoy, I’m bad for you kids to listen to
Soy is not the choice, I'm bad milk, drink it

Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say
Uh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating

My wrist is all red from the cutter
Dripping cold blood like the winter, the summer
Is never that's equivalent to me and Sarah
Well that's not her fucking name, but I think this shit is clever
My niggas wanna know if I'm fucking, if I'm kissing
But I'm sitting here downing beers simply just wishing
With a tear they try to tell me but I never listen
Cause I don't give a shit like sitting down pissing
Eighteen, still talking to imaginaries
Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy
Losers can never win me, you can never offend me
My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully momma will attend the
Ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal
This my Zombie Circus, I hope the majors heard this
Fuck a deal, I just want my father's email
So I can tell him how much I fucking hate him in detail

Wow, umm, so Tyler if you had the chance to tell him something
What would you tell him?


Pharrell said "get 'em", so I got 'em
Tripped on Bristol Palin then I accidentally shot 'em
Then it ricocheted and killed the game, I'm a problem
'Cause I wanna fuck the world but not a fan of using condoms
Pardon my French, I'm going hard as my dick
When I envision my tip on the crust of bitch lips
Mr. Lipschitz has been trippin'
Since I mentioned Reptar triceratops dinosaur dick
I feel it in my gut to kill these muthafucks
Is a must, like the arm of my pits
You niggas coming shorter than a Bushwick Billy costume
On sale during Christmas in Philly
Um, well, not really, it's getting kinda chilly
Let's hit a couple bars and give some bitches wet willies
Soaked, getting jiggy with it in Bel-Air's richest
With a bag of pills, couple berries and a biscuit

I'm a fucking walking paradox
And a really shitty rapper in my favorite pair of socks
Ironed pair of dockers, two Glocks cocked screamin', "West side!"
With the speakers blastin' a pair of Pacs
Yonkers 10 milli, you're silly
Thinkin' that this 'preme wasn't free, willy
The feeling is neutral, the gang is youthful
And fuckin' tighter than Chad Hugo's pupils, it's Wolf Gang and the
B, what's happening? Nigga fuck rapping
I'm in cell 1 and 2 because I'm considering trapping
3 or 4 with some overweight groupies
And a food stamp nigga and a motherfucking hoopdy
But truthfully, I'm hungry, these rappers is lunchmeat
I laugh at AIDS victims, cold heart, fuck heat
Fuck school, do drugs, holes with no magnum, kill everyone in the industry
And drag them to the florist by the end of the chorus, so they can be alive in case
My fucking verse is boring, bass in the stairs
Stock shit like a share, I'm a virus
Having great dreams of fucking Miley Cyrus
Bitches, I bag them, jeans, I sag them
7, 8, y'all don't lay them straight, your nigga is fag them
9, 10, I'm a motherfucking sin
Turn this shit off before I say... Amen

BrandUn DeShay
Tyler, The Creator
16-Bit meets Odd Future (yep)
I mean, we really gotta stop meeting like this, Ty
(I got you, my nigga)
It's not even fair to the world
(Come on, man, we just made a classic)
From now until forever
(Forever)
Knock-knock, mothafuck it's me, Mr. Clusterfuck
What, when, where, how, like who gives a fuck
Golf Wang M-O-B, mopping niggas ante up
Ain't been this fucking sick since brain cancer ate my Granny up
Rest in peace or lie in it, life ain't got no light in it
Darker than that closet that nigga Frankie was hiding in
Open it, dope in it, Bobby where's my fucking pipe?
Dress my little dick as Ike, twenty says I hit your wife
This is life, truthfully I just want to fly some kites
Grab Salem and Slater and go around, riding bikes
Get some ice cream, Golf Wang Roscoe's for the night
To skate around and do annoying shit that older peeps despise
Nigga fuck it though, going hard as riga mo
Got a nigga dollars and a couple cracker kids at shows
Cracked a couple kids in the head with this cast
Had a blast out Europe, had a Swedish bitch licking toes
That's how it goes, designing clothes
Cats on everything, cats on everything
You think all this money will make a happy me?
But I'm 'bout as lonely as crackers that supermodels eat
Everybody's sparking but me, and I keep coughing
Can't keep calm in this spot's hot box and I'm getting nauseous
Hop in the car, ride to Saugus, and head straight to the office
Pissed off at Jasper because that's some faggot shit called "Pink Dolphin"
I roll here on a mean unicorn
Green hat, Vans, Golf top is the team uniform
Downing that Capri Sun, tighten my bandana up
Something like a lez, I'm forgetting my damn manners cause

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy

When you're alone thoughts start coming in
Punching in that dark lock box and they start rummaging
Shit you've got to battle with, wishing they could skedaddle
But it makes your shadow say none, fun and grab the gun again
I needed to get out of the house
So I hit the Dead Sams, and we went biking it out
In a black hoodie, with an Arizona and a bag of Skittles
Just to see what all that fucking hype is about
Now everytime you see a roach you think of me, ay?
Cause everytime I see one I think what his parents would say
In court saying I ate him, I wasn't present that day
I was with Whitney smoking, sitting at the dock of the bay

Do you know how weird it is knowing I make a bunch of cheese
While my friends can't afford little pizzas from Little Caesars
And their whole goal is to roll up and smoke bowls
So I don't feel bad when they not eating
(But you still treating us, you punk bitch)
Wolf Haley got more methods than Pinkman
I'm never civil, fuck Lincoln, 'Preme out the bag it's no wrinkles
I'm okie dokie and loopy and booboo nana and caca
If you think I'm fucking koo-koo, try talking to my shrink then

"Hey..."
"Bitch."
"I'm right here."
"Yo, who's that..?"
"That's Salem, that's my girlfriend. You stay the fuck away from her alright?"

I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy on my own trip
And I am the cowboy
Sawed-off, I eat those
These clothes, they free though
Straight from the back of the Supreme store
Don't give a fuck about these hoes--
Hold on, hold on, hold on, run that shit back!
(This is a DJ Stankdady exclusive!)
I want the black kids to like me for this one, man
Trashwang! Woah!
Illegal CIV!
Trashwang! Yo!
Golfwang!
Trashwang!

Trash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, yeah, them niggas is swell
Tighter than a straight nigga going to jail
Locked in a box, nigga, off them socks
I can finally afford the bail
My bitch isn't bad
She's pretty normal looking with a real nice ass
Now hop off my dick, what it be
Bitch, Mob, Task, Force, Lil, B, nigga
Speaking of the devil
Y'all niggas cornier than kettle
Y'all couldn't smoke crack or heroin
In a Black Ops plane and reach my level
Ate some bugs and I made some carats
Fuck y'all niggas' bullshit, y'all cherish
I'm 21, I threw a party but…
Difference is, y'all didn't have a Ferris
Wheel

Might fuck around and be a goat named Felicia
Sorry, got a little excited
It's probably all the meth Walt Jr. provided
Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Red Riding Hood is pissed
Somebody tell Megan and Sara to come and suck a-

rash Wang niggas
Thriller, we the killer
You can tell I'm Golf Wangin'
By the fucking stickers
OF or Wolf Gang
My niggas is my niggas
Don't let them skateboards fool you
Know niggas that pull triggers

Odd Future Wolf Gang bruh we Kill 'Em All
Golf Wang sticker on that Trash Wang
Nigga knows that OF popping -- Loiter Squad, Flog Gnaw
OFWGKTA yeah you niggas know them seven letters long
Yeah, Wolf Gang up in this bitch
Golf Wang up in this bitch
Litter Life up in this bitch
OFM, banging on your motherfuckin' FM
Nigga, fuck you thought this was, nigga?
Haha
Click-click (gunshot)
What the fuck was that
Got all the black bitches mad cause my main bitch vanilla
She tryna get her groove back like Stella, grab the umbrella
When it comes to your perception of my shit, I'm Helen Keller
When it comes to the perfection of my shit, I know you smell the
Rectum, I'm like a chromosome, I always X 'em
Like Wolverine stepson attacking a deadly weapon
I'm opening a church to sell coke and Led Zeppelin
And fuck Mary in her ass...
Yo, I'm fucking Goldilocks up in the forest
In the three bear house eating their mothafuckin' porridge
I tell her it's my house, give her a tour
In my basement, and keep that bitch locked up in my storage
Rape her and record it, then edit it with more shit
Octopussy special effect the wet bitches be banging
And please never disrespect my set
With Canons hanging from our necks like it's a mothafuckin' circus

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

I guess I left my dignity up in the cupboard
Cause every girl I'm digging, when I'm digging in her pussy
I'm never using a rubber
But fuck it, I guess I got to stretch it out like it was flubber
And leave it dripping green and red like double cheese burgers
Chewing on cum like bubble gum from Hubba
This bitch knew dick like Bubba knew shrimp, yeah
Yo, I'm seventeen, already sniffing blow
I tell my friends it's asthma every time I start to itch my throat
I got a new show for MTV, "Pimp My Boat"
Because some bitch said my semen was dirty, that silly ho
The most that they can do is fine me, I'm hiding
Somewhere where Chris Stokes can't find me
Oh no Mr. Stokes, I don't like misters, no
Don't tell R. Kelly where my little sister go

You little niggas better (check my French)
You getting money? Better (check my French)
What time is it, huh? (Check my French)
If you got my shit you better check my French, motherfucker
I'm making moves, (check my French)
I speak English but (check my French)
Your ho be on my penis, she (check my French)
Bitch

Crusing in my go-kart at Walmart selling cupcakes
Go ahead admit it, faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape
That involve Ballpark Franks and silver duct tape
Pornos and hormones and boxes of DiGiorno
You homos is loco, you're probably drinking Cuervo
With some vatos with the door closed watching Zorro
You homos

O.F., yes
(So, are you dating anyone right now? You know, or..)
No, I'm just playing the field, just for now
(Ah, so I'm guessing she's white, since she's 'vanilla'
Hahah)
Hey you, whatcha doin' and why you runnin'?
Supposed to fly and take control cause you're the pilot
You can't swim, you're gonna drown, the sharks are comin'
The sky's your home, there's no limit, you know you gotta
Find your wings (Fly)
Find your wings (Find your wings)
(My lil nigga, the world is yours, birdy)
Let's just run away from here (cause it's not, cause it's not)
Working out on Earth, my dear (cause It's not, cause it's not)
What you really want girl (ooh)
My heart stops pumping blood, when I see you (I see you, when I see you)
But try to play it cool because (I like you, I really like you)
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me...
Let's move to California
Right now (pack your bags, go pack your bags)
I have wings on my back, so we don't (take the plane, have to take the plane)
Girl, I know you ready, I can see it in your eyes
(Boy, I know you're not, I can tell you're terrified)
Oh, nobody has to know and if they did, they wouldn't care
(When you rub my hands switching fifth gear)
Forget about it baby, let's not waste our afternoon (forget about it baby)
Cause we're gonna go fly to the moon (we're gonna go flyin' to the moon)
Yeah, but anyway (Pack your bags, did you pack your bags)
Leave your crew, bring your coat, cause it’s cold (leave your crew, bring your coat)
Girl, you're so special
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me
To me, to me (ohh)

Suckin' on my ears, fingers rubbing through your hair
Fastwind, slowwind, fuck yeah, we behaving bad, uh
Probably couldn't tell but I be blushing when you with me
When you kiss me, swear to God, blood was rushing to my Jimmy, oh
Laying on my trampoline, looking at the stars
From my fake space fog machine
Laying on my arm, it's dead
From the pressure of your head
I said I loved you, said it back
Like it was scripted, but you meant it
Like the flavor of that lemonade
That we was sippin on our sushi-ridden dinner date
Oh, you think you special now?
Other bitches trippin' now
Cause we're fleeing to the moon
Fuck Earth, man we sick of y'all
Wings on my backs and we ain't gotta cop a ticket, nah, nah, nah
Now when I first saw you
I could tell you was the one
That I've been searchin' for
I needed somethin' that was like the Sun
Now all my flowers grow
Right now my life, it blooms, baby
You're my favorite color, my favorite color
My favorite color's you
It's like the endless summer, endless summer
Whenever I'm with you
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Cause you're my yellow, yellow, yellow
Yeah
How you doing today?
Yeah
Yeah
Ace the Creator, man
Look
Casey Veggies
Odd Future, look
Look

Hello, the hype is so mellow
Bitch I'm dope but my pipe is so yellow
The blue polka dots, pink stripes and it's pink on the title
Nigga fuck your role model bitch, I'm my own idol and
If you can't face it my nigga, you can ass it
My accessorize accessories bring out my assets
Nigga they sound on acid, tablets
Stussy’s G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses
I suffer from ADHD
I should win a fucking award for being me
Beat banging the tom-toms
My producer selection is fresh nigga, fuck Vons
Ace the underdog, thrown them on the back bender
Cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender
Eating Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts
I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off
And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off
Step one: pull your panties down and start to piss off
Step two: run to your radio, turn this shit off
Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help
So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me
With Gucci belts, Gucci imprint from leather welts

Ace, the Creator, man
Casey Veggies, yo
Odd Future, nigga
Get used to it
Hey, I’m gonna slow it down real quick for you

I'm so dapper man, funky fresh Dapper Dan
I'm your favorite rapper, fan, it's an honor to shake my hand
On award tour, on excursions, I'm a virgin of swap meets
I'm so pure, so sick it's no cure
I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at?
The hat, the crew, the t-shirt is Supreme
God, goodness gracious
I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces
That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing
Fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew them niggas is racist
Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook
So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book"
And all them "books" is pissed off and had their page in a bunch
Fuckin' attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts
But, I'm a fraud I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashin'
While me and my favorite author's lips tickle
Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens
Tyler, The Creator fuckin' kill you with a popsicle
Cold blooded so we rock mittens so they won't find him
Not kiddin' keep the Tommy on me bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles
Said I seem off, last time that team talked
Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'preme off
Should've bought some stock in it
(Yo it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it)
Not Golf when the little homies don't, wait,let's weigh my options
I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention
Ain't give none to Hopsin,and dear Boyce Watkins
Why you mad? It's the slave in me
It's facts boy I'm back like Rosa Parks's least favorite seat
Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T'
While y'all niggas watchin' the throne, the throne be watching me
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigger nigger on the wall
Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball
Tyler, the dark skin, arrested in Austin
Cops know who I was cause their kid said the show was awesome
How many leaders in the house?
Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely
Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious
That everybody on this fucking planet lackin' confidence
How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!)
Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me
T a great director nigga's vision must be blurry
Boy I get them epic shots like jaywalkin' in Missouri
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
Well can't somebody bring my album out so I can hear one
Pour me a drink, shit I don't know what to think
Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink
Wait... How many leaders in the house?
See why nobody got they hands up, see that's the issue
Oh I don't need the metronome bro
(Ey)
When you wanna be, ahh
When you eat all the cheese in the store
In the the store, in the store, in the store, yeah, yeah yeah
Alright

(It's this girl)
She lives next door, to the store that I loiter at
We talk every night, she cry to me about her guy
And if we text I get pissed when I get no reply
(It's this girl)
I know that she's the key to love
She is who I'm thinking of when I am beating Richard up
To mental images her face look
The closest that I got was when I'm poking her on Facebook
(This girl)
Video chats are so exciting
'Cause it's like she is inviting me to her world full of privacy
I'm getting gassed up, I think she's liking me
She's gullible and I just wanna take it like a pirate (arrrrgh!)
(It's this girl)
I see her in class
Not really, two doors down, but anytime that I pass
To take a piss in a stall, I picture us in the hall
Locking lips on the wall, her hand grabbing my dick
My left hand on her tits, ah my shit's getting hard
From thoughts of dating this bitch
(It's this girl)
Her name is my password, fuck
(This girl)

All my niggas got they bitches and stuff
But all the bitches they fuck, are known as bitches and sluts
But she's special, I know to y'all I come off as rough
But I'm the nicest to her, and I just want to concur
A relation, I want the cheesy dates at the movies
And stupid walks at the beach, and sharing straws in a cup
I never had that, so when we holding hands walking home
I look past that, the fact that she's fucking guys that I hate
(This girl)
But, things are looking great, cut copy
Last time we talked she said that her relationship was rocky (Action)
Now that Mr. Faggot's gone, there's no one that can stop me
From bagging her, I got these tickets to the Roxy
(Girl)
Next day, metro's taking me home
I see her in the cut at Wendy's, but she's not alone
Who's that guy? Wait, why the fuck he 'bout to kiss her? (Shit)
Come to find out she got back with her nigga
(It's this girl)

(Damn!)
Fuck
(It's this girl)
Another one
It's not the first time
(It's this girl)

She's so pretty, fuck self-pity, I feel so shitty
I wanna text her in a jealous rage
But if she reply to say anything, I'ma smile, I know
What do I do with myself?
Sit in my room for some days?
Play Xbox with piles full of wet socks? Fuck that
(Girl)

My nigga ask, "Ace, what happened to such and such?"
I could slander her name, and then tell him I probably fucked
Or I could tell him the truth and just say she ain't like me much
But instead, I lie and say she moved to Nebraska

(It's this girl)
But she's not mine

Papa ain't call even though he saw me on TV, it's all good (Fuck you)
But now my balls, balls deep in this broad's jaw
Swallow girl, it's just nut
Bitches scared to let me smash on they ass
Yeah, they heard I'm fuckin' nuts like the swag of a fag
Like me and Tekeli was gagging in the back of the cabin
Camp Flog Gnaw, nigga, you can tell by the badge
(Hodgy, pass me my inhaler)
I'm sick of hacking and coughing, I'm often this fucking awesome
I'm animal, Noah's arking, all from this rapping nonsense
Four stories in my home like "What the fuck's an apartment?" (nigga?)
Get shit poppin' like Peter's pores during puberty
Take bets on how quick Tyler can reach maturity
Cussing out Siri like a waitress with no patience
Oh, you want a tip bitch, well here's my dick for gratiturity, bitch

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

I tumble-crush on huzzy sluts, give money up then nutty butt
Professor Nutty Buddy Klump gets petty when you touch his lunch
Like, what the fuck? I'm drunk as fuck, turn the fucking music up
So I can't hear these stupid fucks, talk-no-walk, let you discuss
You're talking too much, Who the fuck are you to us? Uterus
I put that on my pubes and nuts, if I don't begin moving up
I'm shooting up, you and her crew on turf, new desert
I can see the bitch in a nigga through his shirt
I can smell the whore on a bitch when she walk around my crew to flirt
It's on ya' shoulder, lose the dirt, yeah, it's the movement first
Fuck a human nurse! I'm ill I used this earth to infuse the birth
Of my scrotum on the Channel 10 news, my only motive is to
Skip to my Lou, get hip to the pew
You can drink piss and eat a dick in a few, the sickening view
Of visuals, woo, I'll eat your ribs, I'm a wolf
Then meet your kids after school, and give them drugs cause it's cool, fucker

Shut 'em down!
Nigga, shut 'em down!
Shut 'em down!

Hodgy, fuck this beat, nigga, let's smoke weed
That shit I need, be the shit that's green
A little purple and pink, come get some Swisher Sweets
About three or four more than needed be
I got a eighth I could face, I got a blunt flavored grape
I hate the grape, I could taste it when I'm inhaling the vapes
You could smell us in places when we walk in our clothing is always covered in flakes
Enough for two shake blunts; and what the fuck is this? Uh...
I think this Mary is laced; my heart is beating at paces
That Pacquiao can't relate I'm fucking faded like gradients
Shit, I'm stuck like tape that's super glued
To the center of Kelly Price first waist
It's like my first date with Mrs. Mary, the shit is scary
The paranoia from this marijuana's very heavy, I'm lifted
Fainted by my fifth hit, Lionel, pass the sherm
Let's use the Philly as a dipstick for this bath salt, you dipshit


Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me
Uhm, I said, the party isn't over
We could still dance, but I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with me
The party isn't over, we could still dance girl
But I don't have no rhythm
So fuck it, take a chance with a nigga
Like me, like me

Yeah, uhm
All I needed was a stick, grab the marshmallows
Motherfuckers getting lynched and burned
I earned it, my Flog Gnaw badge is looking good
On this brand new jacket
The donuts on the flag waving over the cabin
Now grab them graham crackers and pass them over here
Hurry, quickly I need a piece of Hersheys
Darker than the corners of the bushes we be lurking
I centered the mellow over the graham
Heated it too long now, it's melting over my hand
Fuck it, I'll bite it, I burnt it, but I liked it
Camping with my niggas, its so fucking exciting

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

Pop some Tame Impala, your man got a lame Impala
(It'll get dark outside soon)
And I'm sharing Slurpees and you ain't even begin to swallow
You’re fucking nuts, green top we coupled up
Run my fingers through em as you wax and buff my muffler
Cause I fingered you, you think the fucking ring is coming up?
(Where the street lights trail, Oooooooo)
Maybe, I don’t know, I think you’re chill
(Ride for)
Riding on my pegs, and my back against your legs
And a seatbelt is needed if I get between 'em, yeah

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
And you got a lot of drive, I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer
See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up
And your head lights are off, I'm trying to see 'em
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
So let me start it up and smash

You remind me of my bimmer
A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater
You got a lot of drive I’m trying to keep up
But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter
You remind me of my bimmer, smash
You remind me of my bimmer

Where you been, man?
Oh, I had a drop off to make real quick. Hey, have you seen Salem?
Oh she with that new dude, Wolf, or, Darnell, whatever his name is
Fuck that nigga, man. Hey you know where they went?
I seen 'em going down by the lake
What the fuck!
You good man? You need some sherm? I got some
I got a can of these baked beans too
So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well
Well, first off...

My only problem is death
Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect
Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret
Talking to me is like a fucking body missing a neck
But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off
Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked
My hands tremble, my finger slipped, the wall's red
Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

When I was younger, I would smile a lot
I'm getting older, getting bolder, but a wiser top
Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of Budweiser tops
Life is a movie and you're just a prop
They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums
Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some
My father called me to tell me he loved me—
I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me
Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me
I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me
Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all
I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant
Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it
Because I am the devil, fucker, get on my level
Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers
My life is Ms. Mon-unique Parker, but a little darker
I'll see you in a couple, OF

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems
I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your daydreams, that's how death seems

Tyler, here's some water, man. You seem a little tense. How's Thebe?

All because a nigga just don't give a fuck
Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up
But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up
That's what you should've did before that nigga bust, huh
Feel like I missed my little brother growing up
Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up
But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up
I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bruh
Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up
But I never had a drink— (Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!)
My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough
I won't feel the feelings I be feeling when I'm sobered up
But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that? I'm
As emotionally straight as Travis when he--(Tyler, calm down)
Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fucking cry
About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die
I finally had a family
Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley?
Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me
But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me?
Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death
One ear I got kids screaming, "O.F. is the best"
The other ear I got Tron Cat, asking where the bullets and the bombs at
So I can kill these levels of stress, shit
They say that I'm shock value
How about you hop off cock and turn volume down?
I haven't got around to telling my mom shit (why?)
Cause I don't know how to...(whoa)
All I want is her support, but no, it's the fights at home
When mommy cusses out cousin, some knifes get shown
Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown
And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone
Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone
Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack
For the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees
And deodorant like his house is my home
I could live with the same hat
And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack
And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday
Where I skate with the same fucking friends that
Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh
"Message from The GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat"
Email full of emails, I never write back
Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back

I told her I'm her worst nightmare
This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair
My spirit floats around in the night air
Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems

One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops
I'm blowin' them flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers
You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers
I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches
I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human
Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys
You niggas can't harm me cause y'all know that
We at the fuckin' Dirty like it's laundry (Tyler, calm down)
Nigga, get off me

Fuck off me man, fuck (what's gotten into you?)
I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times
Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (yeah, you...)
It's like I got a fucking voice in my head
Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (yeah, what's this?)
I don't fucking know, man (what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?)
He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fucking do (what's his name?)
Tron Cat
Suck it up, cock it up
Time is when the clock is up
Cause you don't have to talk for us to chop it up (chop it up?)
Freezer burn, erection when I see you squirm
For me not to get inside your face I'm the newest dermatologist
Blood on my shirt no one acknowledged it
From teenage babes leaving dates I got to followin
Swallow it, clean it off, polish it
Axe you up in the back of my shack, fuck some hollow tips
Throw you in my deep creek of self-esteem on some shallow shit
The Kids used to tease now I'm hiding in the leaves of the trees where the school where their teen daughter attend
I grab them by the pelgro throw them in the passenger
To balance up the color of my van it matches egg yolk
My only fucking way to calm down, the view of dead folk
"This movie fuckin sucks"
Because the pay per view is dead ho now shut the fuck up and work magic with esophagus
Odd, Wolf Haley, Golf Wang

I'm a fuckin' walkin' paradox — no, I'm not
Threesomes with a fuckin' triceratops, Reptar
Rappin' as I'm mockin' deaf rock stars
Wearin' synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks
Bedrock, harder than a motherfuckin' Flintstone
Making crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones
This nigga Jasper tryin' to get grown
About five, seven of his bitches in my bedroom
Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this sin and shit
While Syd is tellin' me that she's been gettin' intimate with men
(Syd, shut the fuck up)
Here's the number to my therapist (Shit)
You tell him all your problems, he's fuckin' awesome with listenin'

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf fuckin' Wang

Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses
I told him to quit bitchin', this isn't a fuckin' hotline
For a fuckin' shrink, sheesh, I already got mine
And he's not fuckin' workin', I think I'm wastin' my damn time
I'm clockin' three past six and goin' postal
This the revenge of the dicks; that's nine cocks that cock 9's
This ain't no V. Tech shit, or Columbine
But after bowling, I went home for some damn Adventure Time
(What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Xannies (Yeah)
And danced around the house in all-over print panties
My mom's gone, that fuckin' broad will never understand me
I'm not gay, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin
(What you think of Hayley Williams?)
Fuck her, Wolf Haley robbin' them
I'll crash that fuckin' airplane at that faggot nigga B.o.B is in
And stab Bruno Mars in his goddamn esophagus
And won't stop until the cops come in
I'm an overachiever, so how about I start a team of leaders
And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver? (Cool)
Green paper, gold teeth, and pregnant golden retrievers
All I want – fuck money, diamonds, and bitches; don't need 'em
But where the fat ones at? I got somethin' to feed 'em
It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em
Snap back, green ch-ch-chia fuckin' leaves
It's been a couple months
And Tina still ain't perm her fuckin' weave
Damn

Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah
Goddamn goblin
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang
Wolf Haley, Golf Wang, yeah

They say success is the best revenge
So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in
Oh, not again! Another critic writing report
I'm stabbin' any bloggin' faggot hipster with a pitchfork
Still suicidal, I am
I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin' knife in my hand
I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin' hole in my head
And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch
(What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G
I just wanna know if my father would ever like me
But I don't give a fuck, so he's probably just like me
A motherfuckin' goblin
(Fuck everything, man) That's what my conscience said
Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead
Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement
Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit
Dead
I never would've thought that
Feelings could get thrown in the air
Cause I accidentally caught that
I need some new boxing gloves, shit got hectic whenever I fought back
For example, ten minutes can't go past without you brushing my thoughts
That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty four times
I think about you or something like that
Lost match, the fucking thought of you with somebody else
I don't like that; cellular convos getting left in the wrong
Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back
This isn't a song, I just happen to rhyme when I get emo
And find time to write facts (fuck)
I love you

Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow
Yeah, that's good

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

Girl, you fucking with my emotions
The fuck is all this noise about?
I even considered picking up smoking
You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out?
But in my dog house
My bitch is the raddest
Crazy who makes me the happiest
Can make me the saddest
Look Alice
Let's get lost in your wonder-er-land fuck an atlas
You're perfectly perfect for me
What the fuck is this, practice?
Actually, if you even consider leaving
I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathing
And you'll see the meaning of stalking
When I pop out the dark to find you
And that new dude that you're seeing with an attitude
Then proceed to fuck up your evening
Make sure you never meet again like goddamn vegans
Cause when I hear your name I can not stop cheesing
I love you so much that my heart stops beating when you're leaving
And I'm grieving and my heart starts bleeding
Life without you has no goddamn meaning
Sorry—I'm passive-aggressive for no goddamn reason
It's that my mood change like these goddamn seasons
I'll fall for you, but I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled
Yeah

C'mon baby
Even though I hate you
I still love you
I love you
And Salem, my love (I know)
I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck)
(Come here)
I like when we hold hands
(You're the best around)
See I get jealous (fuck)
And if I see that nigga (If I see him)
I just might kill him (look)
(Look. I wanna strangle you, till you stop breathing)
Love, love, love
(Spend the rest of my life, looking for air)
(so you can breathe, or we can die together, you and me)
(Fuck, look)
I'm in love (Love)

I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah
I fucking hate you
But I love you
I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled
You're good at being perfect
We're good at being troubled, yeah

"Yo, why is Samuel such a fucking dick?"
"He isn't such a badass actually. He's only here because he ran away, because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb"
"Yo, what happened?"
I was 16 when we first laid eyes
Scrawny little fucker, yeah, I was that guy
And you was down for the weekend
I was down for the greetings
And you eyes the same color shit that Jasper be chiefing
Couple freckles on ya noses, roses made you blush
Gentleman I was like I wasn't tryna fuck
But it was my first official date so I was stuck, like
It was past curfew, and we was at the Grove
And it was raining, and I had to be home
And then you grab my hand, talking about tryna get home safe or something
All I remember was your motherfucking face

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You gotta a nigga sprung, whenever I’m holding your hand and
Making eye contact I feel like the damn man
Cause even though I am and get round of applauses
I’m insecure and start to think that I do not stand chance
But, moments, wish that I can own it or lease it or clone it
Cause holding your fingertips is golden
I fucking love you, now treat my palms like a bowling ball and
Grip and keep holding on girl

I play in your hair as you rub on my ears
Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked
Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked
Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked
Feels like i’m floating in air
Can't believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked
Man, this feels like a dream because our lips locked
You officially put my feelings inside a Ziplock bag

You got a nigga...Wait
Don't think this is going to work
Things got complicated and a couple feelings got hurt
I haven’t talked to you in a couple of days
I got too comfortable
And started to think that we was really a couple
But hey, (fuck you) at least there was time spent
But by the time you hear this you won't know what these rhymes meant
But when you realize, its awkward, your name still my password
So I’m always fucking reminded
You got a nigga sprung

You're my girlfriend.. you're my girl (whether you like it or not!)
You're my girl.. you're my girlfriend, you're my girl girlfriend
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girl (Shit, I know that you're not)
You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girlfriend
You're my girl.. oooo
You're my, you're my Girl
Ooooo girlfriend... girlfriend..
You're my girlfriend you're my girl girlfriend you're my girl
You're my girlfriend
I don't want you thinking I love you 'cause I stay
Girl I really like you and happy we got laid
I think about your windows like two times in a day
I'm a pervert with a purpose, like priest who just got saved
Kissing, kissing, I'm on a mission of licking
The holy grail of your body, when you be kissin', Mrs
This is a kid from Africa, you, you are a kitchen
I come quicker than pitches from Sammy Sosa
You hoping I'm joking, but first
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
Your pussy tighter than door hinges
I munch you like sandwiches
But not any more 'cause I'm on tour, so
Look: FaceTime your clit, I will jack off my dick
I go hard, shit, I might need ice pack on my wrist
Fucking, I'm pumping, you know it's coming
Bust in a couple of seconds, I'm sweating, I leave you slump
In the back of my truck, butt naked, suck it out of me
I leave you with nothing, get it?
This is what you wanted, this is what you came for
I'ma eat your pussy 'til you tell me you can't take it
Screaming "Stop it," don't you fake it, wanna tape it
Grab my camera, nine months later with a Tyler baby face
But that won't happen 'til I blow my load
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry (Cherry Bomb)
Make me feel like 4th of July
(Can't breathe)
Cherry
You light my fireworks
There's something 'bout the way you pick your cherries (You blow me away)
With your cherry bomb
Got the bops in the house, socking bitches in they mouth
See my neck? Iced the fuck out! (I'm getting money, nigga!)
She at the fucking mall, 40 bitches on my nutsack
I pulled up on a mothafuckin' unicorn (I'm getting ponies, nigga)
Wolf Gang, nigga! Scream that 'til they mothafuckin' show me death
Golf Wang, nigga! Free Earl better show some motherfuckin' respect
All this ice around my neck, all this ice around my dick
Gun to her head, make your bitch massage my shoulders

Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Swag, swag, punch a bitch
Yo, yo, Jasper, Taco, y'all my niggas, man
I love y'all niggas, I'm sorry
(*Gunshot*)
Ow! What the fuck?!
Geek, fag, stupid loser, find a rope to hang
I'm not bipolar, see I'm just known by those couple names
I wanna tell my pops but shit, he'll probably say the same
Fuck...
Hated by everyone, that's the way it seems
I don't know what's shorter, his damn temper or my self esteem
I sit in my room and I listen to tunes, I'm amused alone
Cause none of the cool kids would let me join a team
Depression's on the stalk again
My best friend's an inhaler because it will not let me cough
Whenever I am losing oxygen, bully hand around my neck
Cause he felt disrespected when I decided to talk again
I brought that on myself, see I should know my place
But not at lunchtime, see I know better than to show my face
Around them, but the day I do it'll be everywhere
When I share these feelings finally they gon' fucking care

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Murder, murder, m-murder the last they heard of you
Was when I... "uh" with all them burners, you
Think that I'm some punk bullied bitch who ain't gon' trouble you
Well, I'm gonna burst your bubble two times if you dont mind
Umm "Who are you again?" I'm Samuel and that's Tyler
We came to get wild and style in these trench coats!
Don't start asking what's packing in these trench coats!
Just know if you start acting, I'm grabbing for these trench coats!
My step-father called me a fag
I'll show him a fag, and I'll light a fire up in his ass
And recently them assholes been fucking with me in class
So I'ma keep them muhfuckers there and make sure they pass huh
My prom date, she dismissed my offer
So I'mma [fuck] her and toss her in the principal's office
(Tyler, I'll go with you)
Oh, now you wanna conversate with me try to be my friend? (Where are my parents at?-) Don't worry, you'll probably never see them again

Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots
Crash a couple-
Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers
Odd Future hooligans causing up a ruckus
It's us, nigga
I said it's us, nigga

Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum bum bum
Bum. bum. bum. burumrumrumrum bum bum bum
Bum bum bumbumbumbum, hehe
We are the Sams, and we're dead -- it's just four of us
We come in peace, we mean no harm, and we're inglorious
We took their heads but we just took back what they took from us
I guess we lost ours

Music had nothing to do with my final decision
I just really wanted somebody to come pay me attention
But nobody would listen, but stuffed animals that I had
Since I was a kid but I'm growing up so they're missing
I didn't mean to hurt anybody, I'm sorry
I wouldn't hurt a fly or consider joining the Army
I'm hardly ever angry, Roger Rabbit framed me
Momma I'm the same fucking kid that you made, see?
I don't wanna go to jail, I just wanna go home
And I want them fucking kids at school to just leave me alone
And I... I hear helicopters make a dip
I'm fucking reloaded -- I told you all that I ain't taking shit
You better back up before this Mac start to lift up
I'll pump it like my inhaler when asthma begin to act up
The difference between us and our class is tan khakis
I got 99 problems and all of them's being happy
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's, nigga keep the o's
Know they call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
Keep the o's, (nigga) keep the o's
Know they know me by "Treat Your Nose"
Your garden is full from raking these hoes
A handful of green and a couple of stones
Your lawn mower's foreign, you rent you a home
But nigga, how much of that shit do you own?
See me, I don't compromise
I know my accomplishments
Fuck all yo compliments
Bitch I got confidence
I don't need your approval, my nigga you suck
I do not have to adjust to stunt
Don't talk don't jump don't cheer just shut the fuck up
You're speedin' and gleamin' and stuntin' so Evel Knievel
You beaming and circle in bimmers you hoping them niggas’ll see it
Results may vary, my chain, its not too heavy
I'll rather pedal smooth on my bike than to crash in that Bugatti
But back to the garden, Niggas gone do you dirty
Already started, killing your flowers
It seems impossible, it's the new slave apocalypse, so sad and obvious that
All y'all stupid niggas got the whips and no drive
Got the whips, got the hoes
Got the ice, got the clothes
Niggas know that keys open doors
Half price nigga keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
You gotta keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
Keep the o's
You gotta keep the o's
Keep da o's
You gotta keep the o's (keep the o's)
Cause you never know when it's over
You want the doors that go up
You want the girls with the big butts
You want the diamonds, you want the stones
You gotta stunt on these niggas
Stunt on these niggas one time
Find your wings
Find your wings
Find your wings
And fly
Cause you'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly (learn)
Let me tell you what I want you to do
What I want you to do
You'll find your wings
You'll find your wings
Learn how to fly
(Learn)
Keep the o's
I'm rapping about diamonds, and cars, and money now
What the fuck has gotten into me, man
I can grab the fireworks, and soda, all the cookies we can eat
Make you nauseous, but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek
We could sneak away, fuck it, you can bring an eighth
I'm not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby; сould you meet me by the lake?
Said bring a towel, well baby meet me by the lake
Bathing suit, it's going down, shit just meet me by the lake
We could count the shooting stars, well could you meet me by the lake?
Summer never has to end with me

I packed a couple sandwiches inside that basket
And brought some extra towels if anyone was asking
We should take a dip in that lake quick and then split
Then do something that's beyond what we both can imagine

Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, grab a drink
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, look in the sky
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset, we never have to leave
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (We can stay here)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (All night long)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (There goes a rainbow)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset (Look)
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset
Watch the sunset (Let's go to sleep)
We're here, all night, school is in session
Look, you know, the water's pretty deep, let's go to sleep
You wouldn't do that Tyler, kill yourself or anyone. You don't even have the balls to begin with. What you need is me, someone to talk to, uh, it's been a while since our last session. So, tell me what's been going on

I'm not a fucking role model (I know this)
I'm a 19 year old fucking emotional coaster with pipe dreams
Since Kanye tweeted telling people he's bumping all of my shit
These mothafuckas think I'm 'sposed to live up to something? Shit
I'm still jacking off and proceeding my life careless
But getting more pussy cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris (as you should)
Philly to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares
At skateparks and airports all in a year, it's weird
Yonkers dropped and left them craniums mindfucked
Now competition missing like that nigga my mom fucked
He still hasn't called me yet (that's not your fault)
But that's a whole fucking different argument, shit, I got over it
And a couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy
A couple hot pockets and grandma could stop cooking
Them nasty ass collard greens, pressure's on me like this top hat
Bastard intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that?

"Tyler, you'll top it, you'll top that, you're a very capable individual"
"Okay, you guys caught me, I'm not a fucking rapist or serial killer, I lied"
"You know, you just want attention, you'll be fine"
"I try too hard, huh?"
"No, you don't"

Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet
The 'preme shit is free and I don't drink, so fuck a wine set
Nigga, fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity
I'm fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity
Oh, that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshiper
Cause I'm too fucking ignorant to do some research?
I'm the star of the group (Yeah)
So no one else gets the respect that they deserve cause of you
(Bastard was good though) What you think I record it for?
To have a bunch a critics call my shit a bunch of horrorcore?
Like I didn't make "Parade" or "Inglorious"
Cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fucking feel?
Of course they only listen to lyrics about me pissin' off
In the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off (I bet)
Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissing waiver (here)
Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they full of flavor

"Can't they just be happy for me like, a kid with nothing, living out his dreams? Why they got to fucking hate?"
"I think everyone's happy, everyone's immature, everyone loves you Tyler, you have to believe that."
"I don't even skate anymore, I'm too fucking busy, I can barely kickflip now."
"Why? Why is that? Do you not have any free time at your home?"
"What the fuck you mean I'm not talented? You see the shit that I've been doing?"
"I have, I mean you're a great person."
"I mean, I'm not that great of a rapper but as a whole, I'm pretty cool, right?"

People excited, thinking shit is so tight (For what?)
Getting co-signs from rappers that I don't even like
What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic?
And start Jackson him off until his cack blasting off? (No...)
Fuck that, (Yeah) These niggas ain't fucking with me
Cause I don't listen to the Immortal of Tech-of-the-nique
And all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak
On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week
I'd rather listen to Badu and Pusha the T
And some Waka Flocka Flame instead (All that shit) of that real hip hop
That's bull-of-the-sheet, but they want to critique
Everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released
But they don't get it, (They don't, it's not made for them) cause it's not made for them
The nigga that's in the mirror rapping, it's made for him
But they do not have the mindset that's same as him
I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him

"It is, but Tyler, you're going to have to cut down on that "faggot" word, that's very, that's a bad...
"I'm not homophobic."
"I mean, I don't think you are but..."
"Faggot."
"Alright, well, since the last time we..."
"The fuck is a good performance? I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can."
"I mean, you, you, it seems like you have fun. But your Twitter posts, just.. I mean, they're really random and it's ADD."
"Who doesn't have ADD..? Well, I don't."
"I mean, sometimes, you're just really out in the distance and we just want to know, what's the problem for this?"
"I wish Thebe was here."

Therapy's been sinning and niggas getting offended
They don't want to fuck with me cause I do not fuck with religion
You see, that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen
Here, put this middle finger in your ear (I'd rather not)
When someone gets blamed cause some white kid had aimed (What?) his AK-47
At 47 kids, I don't wanna see my name mentioned
(I don't think anyone's going to men—I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you.)
College wasn't working and I wasn't working
So I was at home jerking off until my dick was hurting
But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait
Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learning shit (I mean, you...)
Now I'm living dreams that I wanted since eight
And can afford to get my mother something on her birthday
(I mean, you've explained to me that you were in school, but, I mean, I...)
They claim the shit I say is just wrong
Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone
I'm just a teenager, who admits he's suicide prone
My life is doing pretty good, so that date is postponed for now
Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen
And when she gives you lemons, nigga, throw 'em at pedestrians
(So, what are you saying, take advantage?
I mean, you've been doing pretty good, I've seen that)
I still live in my grandma's house
Sell out a fucking show in London just to end up on couches
I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement
My hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then
And then I am confused if I want in or just out
My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling
I sit in grandmother's living room and just pout
And shout loud inside, sometimes I just want to die (No, you don't)
Odd Future came from the bottom
And it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryna stop 'em
(I believe you) All you fucking lames don't have to like me
The devil doesn't wear Prada, I'm clearly in a fucking white tee

Whoa, umm, alright, uh, so Syd was telling me you went to New York...

So, what's going on, Wolf? Talk to me, man. People worry, we hear stories about you getting into fights and all this unnecessary bullshit. What's on your mind? Talk to me, I'm here

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (Wolf Gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Mama got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name (Rest in peace)
Too soon

Uh, my nigga Slater, yeah that's my little pony
Little homies is repping like I been fucking with Kony
Nigga Phillip and Kobi, to my niggas that know me
Ya boy seem happy as fuck but truthfully ya boy lonely
Nigga's a target for marketing, he's an artist
Can't even walk into Target without botherin customers botherin
Asking me for a picture, can I talk to they sister?
Naw nigga, get lost, you're fucking smothering
God I wanna quit, but I can't
'Cause mother and sister can't pay the rent
Four stories with storage, I'm 21 with a mortgage
And touring's paying the bills, life is paying for thrills
Lifes' a bitch bruh but from the third-floor man, she's gorgeous
A year ago I was broke, now how can I afford this?
I started off with disposables, now I have an assortment
And I'm using these negatives to develop a portrait
Now the frame is a pain in the ass to get it in
Without a scratch or stain on the glass, but that's not important
Just as long as it's printed, and I hinted it is
And when I get it I'll make sure you get a copy, bitch
Shit I'll even add a signature with the fuckin' pic-ature
I'll even tell you the film I used, and the aperture

Domo roll another one
I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none
My squad bring terror, no intended pun (Gang, nigga)
Merch booth made niggas extensive funds
Mama got the Rover with the Range
She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again
And I put that on my dead grandmama's name
Too soon

Grandmother died, didn't cry not a tear
Not gonna lie, fucking weird no water dripped out the eye
But when I got the news, yup it left your boy stuck
'Cause when my mom dipped, she was the one that gave me a fuck
Mom calling and calling, I'm on my way to a show
I answer, she crying, saying, "Sadie is dying"
The doc said she only had a week for us to speak
Before she deceased, cause cancer was just eating her cheeks up
Fuck, nah this is really awkward for me, bruh
I hang the phone up, and adjust my seat back
And started to think, like, "What the fuck just happened?"
I never had a death and I just seen her a week ago
Meet them at the hospital I should
In between the set of BADBADNOTGOOD
Lionel asked what happened I said it's bad bad, not good
Just take me to the Cedars-Sinai off of Oakwood
Getting there, family sitting center chair
Awkward in the lobby, it was floating in the thinning air
Getting there, need a sticker saying how I got in there, there's a room
Open up the curtain, she's just sitting there, hello
Our conversation's brief, couldn't even make eye contact when we speak
Lookin' at her you could tell all she had was weak
And I'm not talkin' days bruh, I'm talkin' 'bout her strength
I sat there 20 minutes tops, hoping it was just a fucking plea that she could cop
She died that night

Dr. TC: Oh, that's heavy man, I'm sorry for your loss
Tyler: Yeah, whatever, don't worry about it...
Dr. TC: Last time I seen Sammy, he was lookin' for you
Tyler: Fuck that nigga Samuel
Dr. TC: Uhh, have you seen him?
Tyler: Nah, but if I seen that nigga I woulda killed him
Rollin' in a golden Tacoma, the shit's stolen
If that bitch tell on me, I'mma do a fuckin' drive-by in her colon with my meat
Gotta keep it obsolete like Chris Brown when Rihanna got her fuckin' ass beat
Fuck Jeeves ask me for advice, if I'm not reading a Vice
I'm squatting down, picking cracker bitches scalp for some lice
Everything that I write is dope because the pipe
And nope you can't have a hit unless you gimme the light
We be burning Dutty Rocks with a light switch
Bitch nigga, you about as hard as a dike's clit
I'm goin as hard as Bishop Eddie Long's John
After I bought a Sidekick and sent that fag some nice pics
They say I try too goddamn hard
No shit, I want a Grammy you damn retard
You can't be great when you settle for a flea bargain
Unless you're a thrift hipster bitch in a leotard
Painless
Hodgy lost his motherfucking mind because the brain left
Wolf Gang got the ink on me now it's banged out
Box Logo hoodie, still haven't got the stains out
Congress
I guess I'm fuckin' with the best blondes
Um yes, I am now beating off to mom sex
Raquel is wrestling a prom dress
While me and Ray Charles have a fucking staring contest
To all the step dads in here
Trip-six kids got you motherfucks scared
It could be worse, nigga that's absurd
Nigga I am at Pharrell's tryna butt fuck nerds
This just in, Tyler the Creator and Justin Bieber
Was just in the room flippin' Selena Gomez
Go 'head, give some, pucker up
I'll fuck her up until the kids come in, umm
After Tron Cat I got the rat shook
And I ain't even have a hook
For the white kids to sing along
I don't wanna sing a song, fuck that
Now cyber bully sissies on my little sisters Macbook
I got you niggas nervous like a Pop
Tryna ask his virgin, hot, vegan daughter where the cock goes
Wake up, wash ass, go and eat some Rosco's
Head back to the studio to munch up on some tacos
When I was younger I was bitchin' and
Now I'm coming quicker than
The shit that's swimmin' in my sock hole
When them teeny boppers ain't around
So Johnson and Johnson baby lotion
Beat on my Johnson 'til my cock swole
Stop saying you're sick, shit is kinda old
I'm a fucking Herpe in a coma, you're a common cold
Have you heard my brother verse on Llama?
When that nigga's home
Me, him and Hodgy gonna take the game and
Get a stainless steel AK and aim it
To the fucking referees head and put his lifeless body
In a choke hold
Uh-oh, these niggas is loco
Best thing smokin' minus all of the tobacco
Still hard to be black, well
Malcolm X would be proud, this white bitch getting black-maled
Blue eyed cracker named Jenny, and skinny
And Obama wanted change, I threw a couple fucking pennies at him
Just a chip off the old block
Chipped tooth ruth got some dick off my swole cock
Cause I bag bitches, she's a zip off the old lock
And thats just a logo on the center of that old box
Oh stop, tryna be me, kids will go cop anything
That I put on from the gold watch to the boxers that I put on
Probably cause I'm goin harder than erect cock dick through a botox
Oh shit, you're as hard as senior citizens dick
Oh fuck, don't slip break hips and pop backs
Show some respect to old chaps with my left fist
Cause I'm the next best spitting wreck thats left here
That's my ex bitch
Her? She's my next bitch
Have you met her mouth? No? Oh that's my bestest
Bestie, and she gets beastie
And she's my favorite babysitter cause the children never exit
I was taught to act my shoe size, I'm eleven and a half
Cock the umbrella cause when I spit Seven on your ass
It's gonna be mid stage Coachella
Shake's faggot ass keep hatin'
But I work hard for the shit that I got
So it's still fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Planet Earth
All associates can suck cock
"Tyler, you... obviously have some fucking problems...
And, this is... this is the end of this session, let's... anything else you've gotta say?"

Mom is getting jealous, I see my manager more
Than I see her before I go on tour and it hurts (yeah)
I miss the days when this was fun, but now it turned into work
And getting legal, so I got to watch the shit that I blurt out (As you should, that shit's outrageous...)
My friends are turning into opposites
Because my life is turning into opposite of sloppy wrist
And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick
Harder than the white kids who copy shit
Ending it is all I fucking think about, that's the shit I think about
All alone, bawling 'til my motherfucking eyes bleed
See, he's a leader in person and smile, shit gets disgursting
When there's no person around, talking discussion shit, man, fuck
(I'm here to talk to you) I'm putting myself at a distance
For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant (Who, Travis?)
Niggas saying "Free Earl" without even knowin' him
See, they're missing a new album, I'm missing my only friend

You have everyone around you, with... thirty names a day?
I don't see what it is? I mean, you--not like you don't have anyone to talk to...
I'm here for you, I'm your friend
When I say Odd, y'all say Future
Odd... Uh-uh, nah, that shit's corny as fuck, fuck!
Tyler, you're doin' good. You have a cult following, you're-
To these white kids?
Oh, my gosh

Charbroiled nigga on these dark beats
Nauseous with the Nazi but it's normal what the cops see
Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop, see
Mommy was a living single queen with a lat ti
So while my wallets piling with symbolic colored paper
I lace her, cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age
20, why didn't she get that abortion?
Probably cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing
Into a Grammy-winning schizophrenic fucking orphan
Oops, I mean bastard, skinny-ass disaster
Mom works hard, still working on her masters
Son lies about taking classes at community college
Just to record some bullshit he calls Bastard
Start a fuckin cult, clash his talents in a brash way
Before he even had a mustache and cash
And all I got was a fucking shitty article in Thrasher

"Alright, just calm down"
"That ain’t shit, man"
"Now don’t, don’t, don’t make yourself seem guilty. That, that article was great"
"No, fuck that, nigga"
"You're beating yourself up and your living the fucking life right now, kid! When I was your age, I would have loved to be fucking doing the things that you're doing right now"
"Fuck that… fuck all this shit"
"You, you, you act like I’m not here"
"You're not"
"I'm exactly who you’re supposed to be talking to"
"You don’t fucking help me with shit
You don’t help me with shit, fuck!"
"Yeah, you get... that, that—who wouldn’t do that?"
"Fuck you! Fuck you!"
"Who wouldn’t, who wouldn't shoot their friend?"
"Old fucking fuck!"
"That’s fine, it’s not your fault"
"I killed my fucking friends... fuck!"
"I’m gonna need security in here, and, uh…"
"Fuck! I didn't fucking sign up for this shit!
I'm, I'm not fucking crazy—I'm a fucking table! I'm a fucking table!"
"Yes, come quick. He’s losing it"
"No, fuck this shit!"
"Tyler, calm down"

I'mma grab the Nina (No!) and find a nice arena
Cause I can’t even choose between Ortega or Sabrina (Get security in here.)
And I’m not even human, I’m a body shaped demon
With some semen in my sack and some problems in the back (Calm the fuck down!)
And a life that’s fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate
And a gat that’s filled with love, now let opposites attract
I can finally be one (No!) like a marriage in a church
But this marriage has a hearse and the parents of the one
That’s getting married has a curse and it’s made up inside of him
Too late to reimburse but, wait, it gets worse!
All the guests that’s in the church all decided to disperse (Tyler...)
So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse (You don't want to do this...)
So they tied the knot, now it’s too late to reverse
This arrangement (Yes, it is) and the nurse is amazed
At the hurt that he was painting (Calm the fuck down!)
But it was obvious in all the photos he was paining
Now a bunch of whispering immerse

"Yeah, he's right there. Security's right there."
"Shit! No, get away from me."
"Get him."
And then the nurse blurts
("Come here.")
"What the fuck is his problem? Here, we have two doses to give him, here"
Why didn’t anybody ask him first?
("Get on the ground!") "Hold him down."
"I’ve been asking you this whole time, Tyler..."
"Get the fuck away from me! Get away from me!" ("Come here, motherfucker!")
Because nobody gave a fuck
"Get the fuck off of me..."
Someone gave a fuck Tyler
And, uh... the person that gave a fuck was me
See, you’re not, going crazy... it’s me. I’m your best friend, Tyler
I know everything, I know everything about you
You’ve been helping yourself this whole time. Your friends? They’re just figments of your imagination
Dr. TC... See Tyler, I’m your conscience
I’m Tron Cat, I’m Ace, I’m Wolf Haley, I’m... (Me)
I don't fucking like this shit, fuck
Ah!

Tall ugly nigga with lips bigger than Tigger
Only blue print on these Vans like I don't listen to Jigger (Uhh)
Cotton-picking nigger, Golf Wang season sicker than the block
Colette and skateshops, where wolves deal 'em (Uhh)
Workshop is awesome, ask Dill and let's pretend
Like I'm not making dollar Bill Withers on these fucking stickers (Uhm)
Pulling down my zipper and she quick to say she doesn't suck
Bitch, cut the crap like dyke booty when they scissor (Uhh)
Pink haired Mrs., I'm her mister, sipping Slurpees, bag of chips
Now show your tits for mister Fuji, take a picture (Uhh)
OF is popping like a blister, need some Listerine
Spitting got us balling like we Mr. Clean's sister (Uhh)
Sick of being black, sipping paint thinner out a tin flask
Plotting on the babysitter before dinner
And hopefully I get her, if I don't, fuck it then
See I never simp son, polar opposite of Smithers, I'm done bitch

Until the ozone leaves and the Earth is hot
Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot
The moon now working and the stars align
I stay golden, y'all thought I was out my mind
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Yeah
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot) Ah man
(Yeah) Yeah

(Somebody told me...) I had a decline in the buzz
Not a shocker bruh, I had the stun gun in my bum
And when I drop shit you better have a towel and a sponge
And ask Bob bitch, I eat a ton bucket of chum
In Bikini Bottom, I am the biggest problem
This shit fishy niggas dip like we were set in Harlem
Heaters turn them into nuggets like Carmelo Anthony
We just sit and burn shit just like my fucking anthem

It's a dog eat dog world, don't get bit bruh
A son of a bitch I am, yup, I'm a sick pup
(I thought that you were nice) Yeah I am, slut
I'm also half ass a racist who hates niggas, yep, I'm a mixed mutt
'Preme is the top bunk, green is the pillow case
Golf is the bed sheets (Hat and my T-shirt)
TrashWang sticker on that Chima Fergolfson
I'm real with the box, and I murder with the pen
It's Bimmer Boy's, boy; never swerving in the Benz
I'm listening to Dead Sam demos on the ten
Can I get a medium with cheese and bacon?

It's Loiter Squad nigga...
Fucking Loiter Squad...
(That shit was fucking crazy)
Yeah
(Damn)

Yo, Wolf, nigga
What? Why are you running?
Sam's after you
Sam's after who?
You!
For what? What the fuck?
He found out that you and Salem been hanging out, he said he gonna kill you
Kill me? What the fuck you mean kill me?
You got a booger in your nose
What the, wait, slow down, wait, slow down, what the fuck you mean he gonna kill me?
I don't know, he just said he gonna kill you
Not if I get to him first
Slip it in her drink, and in the blink of an eye
I can make a white girl look chink
Don't know what to think, 'cause last time I attempted this shit
The judge ordered me to see a shrink
Started with the link
Contended her to meet me at the local Odd Future Wolf Gang skating rink
We was uniquely in sync
Already fuckin' and we only met last week
We were both young, not yet antique
So her mindset was working for my technique
Tell her that I love her and by next week
You can hear her shriek from the gashes in her cheeks
No, I'm not a freak, I am meekly a creep
The neighbors by the creek says my house stinks
And it reeks on the sheet, girl
Streaks of red, even though all pussy is pink
Oblivion makes obvious seeks
Which make meats for my obvious feasts
Used to just blot up thoughts, plot, and rethink
Now I get daughters and tie 'em and clink
Got my dick harder than iron and zinc
Now they just rot up, arms caught in the sink
Where they get cut up to fit my physique
Critique my chic in this brand new mink, go

Oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, ohh (Fish!)
Oh, oh
Oh, ohh
(Yeah) Oh, oh (Wolf Gang)
(Wolf Haley) Oh, ohh (How you doin'?)
(All good?) Oh, oh (Cool)
(We cool?) Oh, ohh (I'm upset)

Bitches running 'round down, pussy take a trip
Make her strip, got my dick harder than the unzip
Tyler swiftly slips his dick inside of Taylor Swift's slit
Round trip in that pussy, here comes a ticket
Film clips popping on that Canon
Busting Ottoman cannons, on the pill
Is he real? Gaza stripping (In my living room)
Wolf Gang full moon, I'm assuming mushrooms (Mushrooms)
I'm a necrolampoon, not of Charles Mansoon
This fuck is ending soon because I'm ejaculating

(Frankie, Frankie)
Now I'd like to take this time of day
To thank the Mother Earth
(Thank you Momma, thank you Momma) (Fish!)
Letting the sun shine down on the lake
While I fish your waters
Ooh, hide your daughters, hide your sisters
Hell, hide grandmama too (Grand, yeah)
'Cause the fisherman's raping everybody in the pool
He on the loose, yeah (Yeah)

Got to wash it down, all this gold is fuckin' bait
Wait 'til you see the semen swimming
Baby, please not half, the whole is great
Morals? Your body's near that coral reef
It was once upon a time you came home with me
Then the next chapter left you in my teeth
Fill your gills with goo
Going deeper than Pacific Ocean
This specific motion
Makes this hammerhead puke
Got to wear a wetsuit, can’t get seasick
I love when you're in fishnets, you want me to eat you
You’re fucking wet, fish

So I met this girl at the club
And I just wanted her to suck my dick
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she's drunk and talkin' to me a lot
Until we go to another room
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little slut whore sucks cock for a little more bucks
Than them other sluts fuck for, real easy
Cause I didn't even knock on the front door, sleazy
I used the welcome mat as a cum rag
And all the Wolves fucked too, yeah she’s a cum bag
Filled with a bunch of shit I purchased at a drug store
Four more Dora-looking sluts let me explore
Until my cock got sore and started growing cold sores

Now she thinks that I like her
But all I really wanted was that mouth
And that's 'cause (She's a boppin' bitch)
Now she text messages me every day
And I don't ever hit that bitch back
And that's because (She's a boppin' bitch)

This little hoodrat started jockin at my jock strap
Until my uncircumcised penis finally unwrapped
Flapping up and down until the cack finally go splat
Now you gotta spat, spit it out until you do scat
Then you gotta sat and shit it out, bitch, fuck your feelings
You wasn’t feeling shit when you was down there kneeling
Now shut the fuck up you got another dick to deal with

Now why can't we fuck with this bitch? (She's boppin')
Wait, tell him why we can’t fuck with this bitch, y'all? (That bitch she boppin')
What is she? She a BB, what does that stand for? (She boppin')
She, what do she be doin'? (She boppin')

Now I'm at a fuckin' clinic
'Cause my dick is swollen' and keeps itchin'
Nigga, I'ma kill this bitch (She's a boppin' bitch)
Bitch (She a boppin' bitch)
(She a boppin' bitch)

Where's my gun? (She boppin') I'ma kill this bitch
Why am I gon' kill this bitch?
To all my niggas out there listenin', that bitch (She's boppin')
And don't let her suck your dick or you'll get hurt
For your boy
I'm watching Freaks and Geeks with the trampoline on the floor
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren with the vertical doors, nigga
Money, money, money, money
Money ain't the motive
What's your name again? Nobody knows it
Don't speak to me nigga, you not impo'tant
I'm focused
(Two, three, four) Bring in the horns
They say I'm nutty, I'm picnic basket
I'm short of a sandwich, I'm peanut butter
Boyce Watkin's a faggot, please come and get me
Said I suck him at your neck, like a hickey, boy I'm sicky
Like a HIV victim, ain't nobody fuckin' with me
I got banned from New Zealand, whitey called me a demon
And a terrorist, Goddamnit, I couldn't believe in it
Ban a kid from a country, I never fall, never timber
But you fucked up as a parent, your child idol's a nigger
I clearly don't give a fuck, so you could run that shit back
And fuck your loud pack
And fuck your Snapchat
Cherry Bomb
The greatest fuckin' album since the days of sound
And that shit gon' pop
Just like that nigga that was never 'round
Damn, 'bout to drop
Gas 'em up, thick exhaust
Young T, came quick, hard to beat, dick is soft
We ain't lyin', we the truth, call him Simba, beats his hooves
Tyler, The Creator sweatin' Jesus juice
Put that fuckin' cow on my level, 'cause I'm raising the stakes
Mom, I made you a promise, it's no more section 8
When we ate it's the steaks, now our section is great
'Cause that's the level I'm at, my niggas pass 'em a plate
'Ye!
Richer than white people with black kids
Scarier than black people with ideas
Nobody can tell me where I'm headin'
But I feel like Michael Jordan
Scottie Pippen at my weddin'
They say I'm crazy, but that's the best thing goin' for me
You can't Lynch Marshawn if Tom Brady throwin' to me
I made a million mistakes, but I'm successful in spite of 'em
I believe you like a fat trainer taking a bite or somethin'
I wanna turn the tanks to playgrounds
I dreamt of 2Pac, he asked me "Are you still down?"
Yeah, my nigga; it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on
I know they told they white daughters
"Don't bring home Jerome"
I am the free nigga archetype
I am the light and the beacon
You can ask the deacon
It's funny, when you get extra money
Every joke you tell just be extra funny
I mean, you can even dress extra bummy
Cocaine, bathroom break, nose extra runny
And I gave you all I got, you still want extra from me
Oxford want a full-blown lecture from me
And the Lexus pull up, errr, like hop, I hopped out, like wassup?
Err-err-err, step back, hold up, my nigga, you suck, hold up
I studied the proportions
Emotions runnin' at a Autobahn speed-level
Had a drink with Fear, and I was textin' God
He said "I gave you a big dick, so go extra hard"
For your boy
I'm tryna cop the new McLaren
With the vertical doors
I'm watchin' Freak and Geeks
Got a trampoline in my room, damn
(2, 3, 4)
Hold your fuckin' horses
Niggas really fuckin' thought that T lost it
Like I bet it at a auction
Been exhausted
I been workin'
While y'all silly bros smoke like broken exhaust tips
Fuckin' losers
This them Golf boys, like them Hot Boys
For the nine-nine and two-thousand
But its the two-thou'
And the one-four
And the one-five
Yo, what up Wayne?
What up Slime? Nigga, go hard
Yeah, I'ma go hard like before 'caine
Got too much drive, need like ten lanes
Life is a broad, and she give brain
That's that road head (Yeah)
That's a dream car
Got a full tank of that same year I was born
That's that one-nine-nine-one
'Nother nigga like I, you won't find one
'Cause nigga I'm a god, a divine one
Tune
My trigger finger wise
But my 9 dumb Yeah
Middle finger blind
So it's fuck A-N-Y-one
Fuck, skate, and die son
A hundred ways to die son
I'm starin' at a tramp-on-lean
Make my eye jump
Use Adderall like alarm clocks
Wake my high up
Stakes are high, well done, and prime cut; eat up
I stick my Rolie in her mouth, let the time come
She got hair like Sheneneh, and eyes like Wanda
Oh my goodness
Wayne, them bitches ugly
These niggas colder than Tommy' buddy
Ye, we hittin' models
Like Tony Parker be hittin' bottles
Bitch, I'm goin' harder than yellow cabbies stoppin' for Lionel
(Black ass nigga)
They be duckin' us niggas, shout out to Donald Sterling
Boy, lets get a scrimmage
And cut some niggas
I'll bring the Clippers
And a couple owners that's kinda German
You bring the nooses
And a couple trees, where the money grow
And get bodies burnin'
'Cause I'm tryna hang like I'm Mr. Cooper
Or Jews in Berlin
Or some niggas from Alabama, Birmingham
My new music's all over the street like Erick Sermon was
Fuck us
Maybe we should team up
Anti-Golf boys
'Cause I don't fuck with me either
I'm a liar, I'm a faggot (Uhh..)
Nah faggot, it's Golf Wang
(2, 3, 4)
Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D (Star Trak)
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit (what?) now I kick it in the 'burbs

Me? I'm from the slums, niggas who push a ton
Ton of drums, with foul flow, dirty mouth, like kissing bums
Mama done made her one, um, a witty son
With no respect for women, so show me your titties hun (what?)
You eighteen? Me? I'm twenty-somethin'
OK, I'm twenty, but I'm soon to be twenty-one
I wild out at shows, break shit, it should be fun
Venues are like pussy with me, "Should he come?"
I'mma wax that like the chapstick in my backpack for my black lips
Then dip to Europe and come back with a stack of cheese
A stack of cheese for these rats, um, that mac and cheese
New 'Preme shit got me feeling flyer than a bag of bees
Fuck critics ("How's your dick?") Shit, how's your knees?
Y'all on my dick more than my index when I take a pee
I came up with ''Rella'', ain't touch a bag of weed
Shit was doper than Whitney Houston's needs
Golf Wang, that's the team to be, ay
Getting T.U., O.F., indeed
We was missing Sweatshirt, like "Where's the hooded sleeve?"
Okay, nevermind, we found him, yeah

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Guess I win, checks started cashing in
I stop rapping and start asking where my fucking passion is
Probably where that faggot went (who?) Tyler talking father problems
Shocking shit, he spit to popping topics in them gossip columns
I ain't ask for this, I did it out of boredom
Thought that roach was cool, he died and pushed me into stardom
Now; Ye's, PJs, sipping leche
Chips Ahoy, boy, listening to "Cowboy", ay!
Boy, land in Melbourne and skate to Fitzroy, ay!
AUS was awes', I enjoyed, boy
Y'all niggas played as a tot's toy
Have a good day as I annoy, oi

Me and Slater just hit a curb
Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D
Made a couple thousand turds spitting written verbs
Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs

Canons with panorama views
My shoes that seen more vans than Mexicanas
Or crackers in Alabama
G-O-to-the-L-F, this OF
I opened up a store so I don't stress
But nigga, I (what?) mosh in gardens
Jazz punk shit, playing chords
Making up shit, pardon my Dolly Partons
And I keep shartin'
Hoodies with rectangles and different colors
Niggas think I started kindergarten


My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars
Hair blowing in the wind
Her freckles look like candy bars
Hair blowing in the wind
My bitch is on my handle bars
I, just, wanna, ride, my bike
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
My bitch is on my handle bars (handle bars)
Hair blowing in the wind (ooohh)
Her freckles look like candy bars (shit)
My cool summer never ends (cool)
My bitch is on my handle bars
Yeah (bars, bars)
Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater
Uh, Jesus, heheh
Nigga this is my cup
Drink the cyanide up
Dope as fuck
So I would really shoot a group of guys up
Deep thought I'm often lost in (Fuck it)
Put me next to awesome
Still can't tell the difference
Just like Asians with their eyes shut
Butt fuck a couple Rots
In the Wendy's parking lot
Barking at the sight of light from my bright sparkling
Cock-a-doodle
Eatin' toaster strudel
At a nude beach in Rome
In a black Bape spaghetti strap made of Ramen noodles
My bitch is bad
Mixed with a thicky ass
Get my dicky rocky
This will end up in a sticky blast
Chrissy Brown, mask on my face, now I'm kicking ass
Life's a bitch, fuck college, mommy, I am ditching class
I rather be happy than fucking forty
So fuck the teacher's lecture I'm having Sydney record me
For the 2Dope– (They didn't like it)
Oh well
Let's get XXL to write us a fucking story

Fucking aw, get you some
Obviously intended pun
Same time it took Jason Dill to get the stitching done
Custom made, one of one
Sold out Roxy performance
Ski mask color of a pickle just to perform Sandwitches
Started back in fucking London
Cracker children wanted something
They could bump and punch a bunch of fucking faces
(Stomp 'em out)
Moshing pits to breaking arms
Zombie Circus not a carn–
Evil wolves is on the farm
And were all evil harmed
Any sheep creep
Quiet tendered sleep
Make a peep
Fucking body will go missing in a week
Roam around the city with her titties like a fucking greek
God
Bastard was the shit, explains why it never leaked
I am coming of my age with my Memphis Bleek
Shooting from the sky, the only problem is the missing beak
(Once I have my wings and my motherfucking chain)
Oh, that's the black talking in me
Let me down a couple cups of bleach

Free Earl, that's the fucking shit
And if you disagree lick a couple pimple covered clits
From some stripping lesbian dykes that fight niggas
That like to rap about those dykes that fight niggas
Alright
Enough with this shit, let's talk business
Acquire more currency, disregard bitches
Go to Shake's house and play Goblin in his kitchen
Then force him and his mom to listen to track six, then
If he doesn't like it I'll just slice his fucking dick and
Put it in the cabinet where the fucking cookies and chips is
Take a bunch of pictures, and
Post 'em on my Twitter, then
Go to Jimmy Fallon, like "Faggot, when we perfomin'?"
Then a bunch of Golf Wang niggas start stormin'
On the stage
In a rage that will scare Zack Rocha
Better get ya tanks before this wolf war's over
History repeats itself, I'm a O.F. soldier
Random disclaimer! Hey, don't do anything that I say in this song, okay? It's fucking fiction. If anything happens, don't fucking blame me, White America, fuck Bill O'Reilly. Four, three, two, one

What the fuck I look like, saying I'm sorry
To a bunch of fucking fags that can't potentially harm me?
I ain't never gonna bow down to your expectations
By the way, I got sixty fucking wolves that'll guard me
That skate hard, Thrash black hoodies, try something
Make sure your fuckin' feelings end up up in a Glad bag
Fuck all your opinions, I'm tyin' 'em with a shoestring
And fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
Odd Future Wolf Gang, we came together cause we ain't have nobody else. Do you? You just might be one of us. Are you?

Fuck cops, I'm a fucking rock star
Rebel and defiance makes my motherfucking cock hard
Fuck pigs, fuck guards, all some fucking retards
Fuck school, I'm a fuck up? Fuck Harvard
I ain't got no fucking money (hey mom)
I ain't got no motherfucking daddy, he ain't teach me shit
Child support ain't come, that faggot still ain't bought me anything
Fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing

Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

(Left, right, left, right...)
They want us to go to they schools and be fucking miserable at they fucking college, studying that bullshit, fuck that. Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? You

Fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
Kill people, burn shit, fuck school
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical
I'm fucking radical, nigga, I'm fucking radical
I'm fucking radical, I'm motherfucking radical

You hear that, nigga? That's cult shit right there, nigga. Wolf Gang! Fuck everybody else nigga! Stand for something, get money nigga! Wolf Gang in this bitch, nigga, we sixty deep. Fuck with me, nigga. Odd Future, nigga. Stand the fuck up! I'm not saying just to go out and do some stupid shit, commit crimes. What I'm trying to tell you is, do what the fuck you want. Stand for what the fuck you believe in, and don't let nobody tell you can't do what the fuck you want. I'm a fucking unicorn, and fuck anybody who say I'm not. Wolf Gang

Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Fuck your traditions, (and) fuck your positions (and)
Fuck your religion, (and) fuck your decisions
(See,) they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go
See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know
Go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go
You gotta let 'em go...

"You gotta let these shits go, man. It's not making sense to you right now but... all these little dreams you got, they're not shit. All this rebellion, all this crazy shit you got, saying this shit... getting too old for this shit, man, you gotta grow out of it. Growing up, your dreams are getting bigger. You gotta look at reality, understand that shit so you don't get caught. I'm just being real."
"Nigga, fuck you."
"I'm just trying to help you man, trust me."
"Look, I mature day after day nigga. You don't know shit, you're a fucking therapist."
"Whatever."
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

Shit's getting warmer, on that corner
Gotta watch out for them 5-0 foreigners
Your mother's a goner
I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar
You got a daughter, shit's getting harder
The only thing you wanna bunk her was your freedom
You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep
And the seashore ain't saw ya
You got a mother, she don't support you
But you bought her a new house cause you love her
Growing up you barely had a roof
Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof
I guess you’re accustomed what you’re used to
So you bought two, nigga
They coming for you, nigga
Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches
Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets
And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind
And it’s all an illusion
Who was alludin', all of this potent?
I am the reason your family is using and shooting up
It's my fault
You can, blame me, motherfucker
For killing your aunties and uncles
The hustle and hunger
All I wanted was a cheeseburger
And a little chain, tucked
Didn’t realize this game fucked, up some lives
Oh, how's mine?
My conscience eats it up all the time
But, other than that I’m fine
I got a little money in my pocket

48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
48, 48, 48 states I get it in (nigga)
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose
If you really need some blow, I can get it for the low, nigga

Nigga, we broke as fuck
Homie got a chop shop, I stole that truck
And I sold that dope, motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke
But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry (yeah)
She could have been a doctor, nigga, I’m sorry (yeah, nigga)
Could have been an actor and won that Oscar, said I'm sorry
I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
But I got a nice car, put my sister through school
While my momma all cool, I'm sorry (yeah, nigga)
I'm in too deep and I can’t see the shore, I'm sorry

You get addicted to the flip, we used to call it
You get addicted to the flip (I'm sorry)
The, the, the, the transaction, the hustling (I'm sorry)
Even more than the money, it's just your job (I'm sorry)
You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man
And make this happen for that person (I'm sorry)
And to do this and do that
You become the go to guy forever
Next thing you know you’re in too deep
Way too deep, it'll scare the shit out of you
You wind up with so much work, that you'd be scared to death
It's important for us to realize man, we gotta get out of that, man
You know, dudes is buying choppers
Shoot down the people that look just like them
Dudes is buying guns to take down each other
Nobody wins, ya know what I mean?
Um, excuse me mister but can you please turn down the lights?
I don't really like all these cameras, man
And this shit just don't feel right
And I don't really wanna be rude to you, sir
But fuck you mean I can't wear my hat in here?
And you got me fucked up, if you think I care, nigga
I hope you little niggas is listening
Them Golf Boys is in this bitch like an infant
The blind niggas used to make fun of my vision
And now I pay a mortage and they stuck with tuition
So special the teacher asked if I was autistic
And now I'm making plates, you just washing the dishes
So if you don't mind, get the fuck out of my kitchen
But keep your ego here so I can butt fuck your opinion
But in the meantime brainwashing millions of minions
Leader of the new school? (Ha, I'm in my own school)
And you would never catch me in none of their fucking shin-digs
I hope you fucking niggas is angry, pissed, and offended
In Search of... did more for me than Illmatic
That's when I realized we ain't cut from the same fabric
I made my own shit, you went out and bought yours
Man I got too much drive, motherfucker, I hate traffic
La-di-da-di, I'm going harder than coming out the closet to conservative Christian fathers
When it's a lot at stake carne asada let's be honest, I'm really morphing
Named the album Cherry Bomb because Greatest Hits sounded boring
I don't like to follow the rules, she said that I must
I don't have any armpits
She wanted to talk who's in charge of this Golf shit
I said "Howdy do? How are you? I'm the sergeant"
And who I are isn't really important
My heart is as dark as a window with car tint
So hop in with your friends, gal and I'll unpark it
And I'll do donuts until the fat one is carsick
It's young T
I don't like to follow the rules
And that's just who I am
I hope you understand
And I don't really think y'all cool
So give yourself a hand
No, no, give yourself a hand
Better pose for that camera
Better pose, boy you better pose
And it's your life nigga I suppose
For the lights, for the camera, and the action
Now you're face is meltin' from the flash of the big ol' lights
Nigga you ask for this life
Welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Yeah, welcome to death camp
Kissing on my bean bag
Your lips high-five my tongue
And my fingers moonwalk through your hair
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
This is fun I can tell
I don't know if you'll handle it well
Welcome to hell camp
(Lights, and the camera, and the action)
You should be mine in a way tonight
(For the lights, and the camera, and the action)
Special
So let's go
Let's go oh-oh
Oh, let's go
I wanna go
Mmm
Treehome
Bridge!

Colorful you are
Yeah, that won't stop
You're my favorite crayon in the box
Let's think outside the lines
Come to my treehouse, yeah let’s escape
Then let me go, head first in your lake
From what I heard, it's great
It's great
There's a party

Tuesday is good news day
Not usually a full tray
Can you pack your PJs?
There's a party
Come into my treehome
Boy, you must be special
I'm special, baby
No one ever comes here


Left Brain, Wolf Haley
Golf Wang, Free Earl, uh

Goddamn I love women
Daydream about penis being in 'em
Meet them with a big grin with a Mac-10
Rope, katana, and then I skin 'em
All beige suit made out of white women
With the red lipstick, dancing to John Lennon
With the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim
They can catch me in the spot where the sun don’t shine
Bitch don’t mind me, shake your hiney
The only motherfucking Wolf here that spit venom
You’re a bad bitch with a real good kitten
And I got the appetite of them fat black women
Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em
Lookin' like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em
I am tryna get Miss Piggy by the motherfucking hairs of her chinny chin chin
Umm, what’s that? The cock of a black dude
Mad cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (aww, fuck it)
I’ll take her to the back room dungeon, fighting and punching
And now the slut is under the fucking assumption
That I will be fucking and munching her muffin
Cunt will be bleeding, but that’s not from the time signature of the month, umm

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Goddamn I love bitches
Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes
Cook and clean and grant my wishes
And make me and the Wolf Gang sandwitches
Transylvania crypt let's take a, tour
Bitch try getting through that black trap, door
Keep yelling and working them vocal chords
And that’ll be more of a reason that you'll get slapped canup, for
Is that Ford trunk's comfy? (Fuck you!)
Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy
That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me
Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me?
She keeps sending me garlic
How many times I gotta tell her I’m allergic
(I like your cape) Oh this Bathing Ape cape?
Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target
Fangs are sharp and I hope you know
That all I really want from you is that throat
I can’t eat pussy cause I might leave cuts
Then there’s blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus
On the channel, a fucking animal, leaking like pairs of candles
Bitch, is it hard to handle?
I don’t want a bride, I just want bone marrow

(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shit
'Til I grab them throats and start smacking them shits
(It’s because) I’m Dracula bitch
Don’t got a problem smacking a bitch
Kidnapping, attacking, with axes and shits
'Til she decides to take Dracula’s dick

Bite her in her fucking neck, bite her in her fucking neck
Bottom of the fucking lake, bottom of the fucking lake
Call my gang of wolves and bats, call my gang of wolves and bats
It’s a full moon tonight, and these hoes ain’t acting right
It’s because I’m Dracula bitch, (swag, swag, swag)
It's because; Left Brain, Wolf Haley, Free Earl, Golf Wang...
Tyler we ah, I know it's short notice but I brought all your friends here
For some reason I couldn't get a hold of Taco and Jasper
But, I just brought all your friends to talk to you
Because, they're really worried about you
I thought it would be better if, they could talk to you

Where we at, niggas?
Where the fuck we at, man? You niggas don't know me, huh
Where we at?

Down to fucking Earth, huh, down to fucking Earth, huh
Fuck everybody, here goes some extra girth Sir
You fucking critics are making my nerves hurt
Since I'm saying fuck everybody I guess that I'm a fucking pervert
My window is a book and I'm a fucking crook
Stealing phones to call home but the line is off the hook
My mom ain't paid the bill, guess I can't pay it either
I ain't signed a fucking deal yet
But when I do Clancy and Dave are taking percentages
That could pay the whole fucking city's mortgage
Hopefully I make a lot of porridge from touring in fucking Oregon
From playing piano organs and hopefully I can pay the bill
Shit is getting real, people begin to feel
Like I'm changing, but their complaining making big fucking deals
About some shit, they bitch and pout
(Can we get backstage man?) No, faggot, it's sold out
(Come on why you holding out, I though we was boys, without me
You wouldn't be Tyler the Creator, you're from the Dirty
I can tell whenever you perform, a leopard can't change it's spots)
But I'm a fucking unicorn (Whatever man)
Look, you can't stop me, I'm going full monty
Fuck that, I'm Hitler, everyone's a fucking Nazi
Wolf Gi-di-dang you be roaming where the fox be
And I be where, anybody cares
I try to preach "Fuck age, live dreams and have fun"
(Here’s some give a fuck, cake) Oh, maybe I should have some
(Asshole, have none) How can I wake up on the wrong side
Of the bed, when I don't even fucking have one?
When I'm on that stage I feel important
A whole fucking assortment of children that's taking Ritalin
Because the teacher said that the therapist wasn't feeling him
You gotta be fucking kidding me
At school I was a zero, now I'm every boy's hero and they fear it
You can hear it when that little fuck is reciting my lyrics, yeah I'm rebel nigga
Cheer it, dead parents everywhere, it's smelling like teen spirit
Okay, fuck it, Elvis has left the building
All y'all niggas smoking y'all brains out
In the car called life take the lame route
Going nowhere fast but you think that you not
Cause you never hesitate to take the thang out
In the drop top, pop the trunk then pop pop
At his drop top, took another lame out
Oh you the big nigga? Took a hit nigga?
Well I hope you understand you ain't shit nigga
Cause them niggas whole purpose is to get niggas
And make sure that your mama cry the pain out
Now that gang is out to get you
But you stuck in the same house
Nigga never came out, wow
It's a shame how you got sucked in that life
But hey man at least you got a name now
They say you a "real nigga" cause you kill niggas
Nuts for that ice and that cream banana peel niggas
Banana clips spill, niggas wanna bang out
For they approval boy, you can't even hang out
That light you hit, it was the light I held
That's why you never ever see me with my chains out
I don't need to, truth they don't feed you
Lies what they got on their plate, they gon eat you
They got a homie called Karma he gon meet you
Better look the other way if he ever see you
And run as fast as you can, nigga
Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh?
Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh?
Oh, you be trapping out the bando selling grams, huh?
Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh?
You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need
I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me
See, I look in the mirror and he said, "You are the man"
And I said, "Hey man, I agree"
Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow
Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow
Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos
They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto
Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo
Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o
Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o
Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr?
I'm the truth and the dare
And you can get your ass beat like a kick and a snare
ScHoolboy's my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s
That boy's not that bad, enh, it's no Biggie
It's the G-O, the L-F, we go-go, no homo
We black out, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy
No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy man
We been that man since Batman had a sidekick
Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas
And them bitches blue like that family went to the Dodgers
Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't bitch, I'm a problem
And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin
Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter
All my shows got one black in it like Larry David
And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo
Brent Lowe, my motherfucking bingo
Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole
And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow
Don't get offended, love being darkskinned
23 with the crib and I don't got no tenants
And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis
Is that diamonds on your neck? Stay the fuck out my business
See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on
That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron
Motors Flog Gnaw, Vans on, fuck your Jordans
Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals
Boy, I'm a sicko, flaco nigga, but kinda macho
Boy, I got some vatos and shout out to ScHooly, he kinda loco
Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese
Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles
Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that
Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that
Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that
(Man, he really took the store)

Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker
Anything that'll piss you muthafuckas off
I don't even smoke and I'm a level up of all of y'all
Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card
I'm special, nigga
Who the fuck are you?!
I'm special, nigga
They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem
Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers
Lead by example, how?
All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father
Boy, I'mma bring the noise
I got my own beat and we all got drums
What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about
You on your grind who the one that got the wep at their house?
Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose
This nigga call me a clown, nigga I own the circus
Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded up like a papaya
You know I golf bitch like I been sleepin' with Tiger
Woody woody, my mob, mob is goodie we Oddkast
We o-K-K-K just like the clan
Hoodie golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package
In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot
Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga!?
I'm a bad case of I don't even know
I'm about to tear the shit out this goddamn house
I think I'm about to blow my muthafuckin' brains out
Tyler, take a chill pill, nigga
I don't want to play you
I just want to tape you undressing
And I'll lay you down and record soft porn
If it's romance then it's hardcore
If it's horror, pop the popcorn
The thoughts to rape you really turns me on

Press my buttons baby
Press my buttons
Press my buttons baby
Yeah
Press my buttons baby
Press my fucking buttons baby
Press my buttons baby

You're my favorite show, any chance I get I try to watch
Die hard fan can't stop with the tapings
Sort of like a psycho when I can't stop with the rapings
Of the VHS, especially during sex baby

Ready to watch? I'm a slip it in the tape deck
But put it in slow-mo, I don't want to bust the tape yet, press play
Now this is what I call an evening
A live show, almost equivalent to the screening
Your dream movie? I'm the clearest copy
Now time for Blow, I'm Johnny deep with the rarest poppy
Snort a little, now you're getting groovy
Cause I'll kill if I find out you're watching some other movies, bitch
Stop!

Danielle, Danielle, yeah you heard about Raquel
Well that didn't go well, let us try to make it swell
Put the beaver in the mail, we can take it slow like snail
Lock my heart up, this is jail, throw away the key

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

We can kick it on the couch, blunt you can roll it up
But I'm on some shrooms if you really want to feel the room
I just want to kick it, kick it for the rest
I skated all day, I just need some rest and your breasts

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um

We can count the stars on the hood of your father's car
He's a buster anyway, I can take him any day
Look into your eyes I realize that I like you so much
That was corny, now I'm horny, can I have a kiss?

We both teenagers with the same mind state
How about some ice cream and some South Park for this first date?
Your cat is waiting for that raw fish I can't wait, get it?

Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you?
I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear, um


Hey girl, what's your name? Do you wanna suck a dick?
Who am I? Wolf Haley, yeah I'm known for punchin' bitches
In the fuckin' brain, do wanna give me some?
No you don't? Why you won't? Oh, you're a fuckin' nun
Didn't mean to offend, oh, you're a lesbian
So I'm guessin' you don't really like to put your trust in men?
Who do I trust? Um, heroine addicts and
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, yeah I can count on them
Who is him? Signed proof in a suit
Preme' six panel cap with the green brim
It's box logo this, box logo that
Usually a caucausian, big swallow on the cack, oh snap
I am, spittin' like I got chipped tooth, pop some Prozac
Golf Wang nigga, know that or that can
Turn into some neck, gettin' snapped up properly
Tyler Creator and Casey Veggies, fuck broccoli
I really made this song just so I could perform it
I don't even know how to perform it
Aw, nah, boy don't cut that wood
Found out your flowers don't smell that good
But if they smell real good to him
Then he don't need anybody else's nose to win
Look, I am a God, nobody prays to the sight of you
All y'all niggas wear camouflage
I'm in a field wearing pink and blue
I wear pink, they can see me
Nigga, you don’t create, you just repeat
Nigga you don’t got drive, you just beep beep
Beep beep, talk shit from the backseat
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I'm the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off (let's get it)
You muthafuckas want war, then come get it
You motherfuckas want war and i want more
Nigga fuck you and everything that you come for
You motherfuckas wanna blow?
Pow, pow-pow, pow-pow
Then let’s take ‘em to the gun store
I don't got enough time, fuck your rolex nigga
Don’t compare him to mine, ‘cause I don’t know that nigga
Come and light my fire, I'll blow your fuckin' face off
Nigga I’m the got damn pilot
And I decide when we gon' take off, let's get it
You muthafuckas want war?!
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
Fuck that light, this, that Cherry Bomb
"I'm saying, you know, like. All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down. You know, like, you know, grow up. Don't grow down, grow out. You go from being a kid, just doing your thing, hanging out with your friends. Months later you're world famous. You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it. You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler. Fuck you, Tyler!"

In a world where kids my age are popping Mollies with leather
Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather
Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether
Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better
I was the drama club kid, I run where the fun did, my nuts itched
I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit"
Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one
Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some
See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's
And I be gassing up my buzz like some bees at a Shell
Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele
And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some Braille
I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well
I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself
These fucking rappers got stylists cause they can't think for themselves
See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but
Really, boy? Poseurs looking silly, boy
I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi
Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is Diddy Riese
Na'kel Smith, Transworld page 64
Poppin' like oil ollie in fire flames
I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game
The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name
About as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes
But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hates dentists
God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished
And my shit's missing, he hates women, but love kittens?
See y'all niggas tripping, man
Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong
Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs
Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me
Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat
Look at the kid who had the 9 and tried to blow out his mind
But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time
Look at the ones in the crowd -- that shit is barnacles, huh?
They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh?
But then again, I'm an atheist that just worships Satan
And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements
And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing
Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for they fucking ratings
"Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape
All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes
But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints
But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank
Oh but no but, shit, who really gives a fuck what I think?
My fans don't, they turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct
Fuck buying studio time, I'ma go purchase a shrink
Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch



La, la, la, la, la, la, la
AAAAHHH!

Satan's getting jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferring us
Books on not giving a fuck is what they're referring us (Wolf Gang)
Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderers
And young enough to get the fucking priest to come and flirt with us
You niggas rap about fucking bitches and getting head
Instead I rap about fucking bitches and getting heads
While you niggas stacking bread, I can stack a couple dead
Bodies, making red look less of a color, more of a hobby
I'm not a rapper nor a rapist nor a racist
I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit
Brag about the actions in a rhyming pattern matter
Then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore
Torture with the super soaker at the asian liquor store
This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore
That make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours
(Umbrella) I hate this, screaming fuck patience
Got a nigga shaking like the calmest fucking Haitian
After chronic masturbation, asking where Mary-Kate went
I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick
I make this damn Bullwinkle the red moose
Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose
She running 'round this motherfucking dungeon, her legs loose
Until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops
Victim, victim, honey, you're my fifth one
Honey on that topping when I stuff you in my system
Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome
You got a fucking death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done
Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you
With a leaf of salad and some dressing pouring out a teacup
Bitch, I'm Tyler the Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches
Rubber more than the fucking bottom of a sneaker
Jeeper the fucking creeper, get your daughter and keep her
In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper
Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed
Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands
Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics
Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric
Put her in the lake, her body sinks great, now it's time to fish her like Derek
Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust
And snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's trying to suck our dick
Hippopot the fucking llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders
Gave the team a bunch of fucking bees and the Keke Palmer
They will never catch him or catch up
They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup
Nutty like my Chex mix, she bleeding from her rectum
Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up, yep
This the type of shit that make children break in apartments
When you tell a fucking orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin
(I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover
Where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's disorder
Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland
Catch me with a bunch of fucking Mexicans crossing the border (arriba!)
I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water
Cause I'll be too fucking busy tryna flirt with Jesus' daughter
(Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins
Sicker than the starving Nigerian kids barfing
Odd Future Wolf Gang Nazi bar mitzvah
With your sister at the bar playing leg and arm twister
Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I got these cracker doctors saying, "yeah Bob, this nigga's sick"
Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry
Because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie
I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches
I said fuck coke and now I'm snorting Hitler's ashes
I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma
Being the only bastard in a box logo casket
Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets
In some Kanye West glasses screaming out "fuck faggots"
Catch me in my attic taking photos of my dad's dick
Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic

What the fuck?
I... I'm speechless, that was... fuck
Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help
I'm not a... fuck it, different subject
How's that girl you were telling me about?

Cut it short, break it down, couple pounds, roll it up
Add heat, kiss the end, let the colored vapors in
Pass it round, counter-clock, let her show her titties, stop
Cops rolling past, rolling papers in the passenger
Then swag it out, ounces then bags is out
Bitches and they asses out, money counting, cotton mouth
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
They say I've calmed down since the last album
Well, lick my dick, how does that sound? (Umm)
Smell my gooch, you could kiss my buns
And I don't give a shit, ban my rectum
Somebody said bands make her dance
You think you're getting cash, no bitch, you're dumb
The only thing that you're gonna get is this dick
Wait turn this up, bitch, this my jam (Where the drums at?)
Here, take a goddamn picture
And tell Spike Lee he's a goddamn nigga
And while you're at it, pass the lotion
And fapping and Xbox Live, that fun
Before I cum, I'm calling your sister
When she comes over, I take picture
Instantly put it on Instagram
And suplex her off a building if I get banned
(I'm just fuckin' around)

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

Bring back the horns that was played in the beginning
And tell Tony Parker that I found his vision
And if he's tripping off my sneak dissing
Then he has to deal with me and my minions
Tryna get a bimmer, E46
Have you heard "48", motherfucka I'm great
Golf Wang prints always cover the sleeves
From cuts for the Biebs, 'cause he's puffin' the trees, please
Fuck I look like? Got a new bike tire
Never pop like the puss on a butch dyke
Think I give a fuck, I do go raw
Then I bust in her jaw like (Fuck that disease!)
My urethra, hole that I pee from
Bigger than the obese neck on Aretha
Now turn that snare down
I'm back like I'm Rosa Parks fare on the same damn bus
Like, "You're going to jail now"

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
If a woodchuck could ever give a fuck?
Bitch Suck Dick, motherfuck you and your opinions
(Can you kick it?) Yes, I can sir, where the lump is
Sicker than the last bar bold-er, I’m a CO
Colorado, fuck Michael, bitch, I’m badder than my BO
Find me and Lance tryna dance during chemo
Before they repossess our strong arm bands and tuxedos

Yeah, buddy, this is my jam, na na na na na na na!
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, no, fuck you, na na na na na na!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
Can't agree? Bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How many fags can a lightbulb screw?
Well if it has a dick, maybe two or six
And tell the NRA I'm about to lose my shit
Shoot through Wayne LaPierre's hair with a crucifix
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh?
A little Jergens in my palm for the jerkin'
Hope my mom don't catch me, tryna set mood
Little Redtube, fuck lotion, I don't need lube, dry fist suits me
Up and down, the friction makes a squeaky sound, the shit's kind of disgusting
Fap time and before I flatline, Clancy chimes in my room and catch me
This shit's so damn embarrassing like...

Wolf: Oh, shit, aw fuck
Clancy: What the fuck?!
Wolf: Aw, I'm sorry
Clancy: Is that my shirt?
Wolf: Yeah, sorry, I needed something
Clancy: Clean that shit up, we're going to the office!
Can we talk on the phone or something
Because when I call (you on the phone)
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer

Hey Dad, it's me, um...
Oh, I'm Tyler, I think I'd be your son
Sorry, I called you the wrong name, see, my brain's splitting
"Dad" isn't your name, see "Faggot"'s a little more fitting
Mom was only twenty when you ain't have any fucks to spare
You Nigerian fuck, now I'm stuck with this shitty facial hair
Also stuck with a beautiful home with a case of stairs
So you not being near fucking fire-started my damn career
But fuck it, I got Clancy, he gave me the chance to see
A world I wasn't supposed to, I'm stoked that I didn't know you
But sucks you ain't give a fuck and considered a sperm donor now
The fuck is an Okonma? I'm changing my shit to Haley
And I just ain't being passive, nigga
You a fucking faggot, nigga
Got a show on Monday, guess who ain't getting no passes, nigga?
But if I ever had the chance to ask this nigga
And call him...
I hope he answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone (Please pick up)
I'd like to talk to you
(I hope you answer)

Suck my fucking dick and swallow this case of nuts
Ace hates your guts, I'm a selfish fuck
And I ain't sharing green as if I'm facing blunts
Frank is out the closet, Hodgy's an alcoholic
Syd might be bipolar, but fuck it, I couldn't call it
Supposed to be gone til November but quickly came back in August
I left two months through September to clearly remember all this
I would like to tell my grandma, but she just nostalgia
I'll call her number
But she won't answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
'Cause when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone
(I'd like to talk to you)
I hope you answer

You claim to hate my fucking guts
But say I'm on a island in Thailand and I was wilding
And, if I got stranded had to man up and hold my nuts
And hope that I could live off salt water and fucking coconuts
Phone ain't got no service -- this 3G is fucking worthless
Day is getting dark like the area's turning urban
You'll be fucking nervous like me inside of a church is
But, I'mma get in contact regardless, and
I hope you answer

La, la, la, la, la, la, la
AAAAHHH!

Satan's getting jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferring us
Books on not giving a fuck is what they're referring us (Wolf Gang)
Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderers
And young enough to get the fucking priest to come and flirt with us
You niggas rap about fucking bitches and getting head
Instead I rap about fucking bitches and getting heads
While you niggas stacking bread, I can stack a couple dead
Bodies, making red look less of a color, more of a hobby
I'm not a rapper nor a rapist nor a racist
I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit
Brag about the actions in a rhyming pattern matter
Then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore
Torture with the super soaker at the asian liquor store
This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore
That make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours
(Umbrella) I hate this, screaming fuck patience
Got a nigga shaking like the calmest fucking Haitian
After chronic masturbation, asking where Mary-Kate went
I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick
I make this damn Bullwinkle the red moose
Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose
She running 'round this motherfucking dungeon, her legs loose
Until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops
Victim, victim, honey, you're my fifth one
Honey on that topping when I stuff you in my system
Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome
You got a fucking death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done
Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you
With a leaf of salad and some dressing pouring out a teacup
Bitch, I'm Tyler the Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches
Rubber more than the fucking bottom of a sneaker
Jeeper the fucking creeper, get your daughter and keep her
In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper
Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed
Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands
Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics
Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric
Put her in the lake, her body sinks great, now it's time to fish her like Derek
Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust
And snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's trying to suck our dick
Hippopot the fucking llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders
Gave the team a bunch of fucking bees and the Keke Palmer
They will never catch him or catch up
They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup
Nutty like my Chex mix, she bleeding from her rectum
Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up, yep
This the type of shit that make children break in apartments
When you tell a fucking orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin
(I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover
Where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's disorder
Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland
Catch me with a bunch of fucking Mexicans crossing the border (arriba!)
I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water
Cause I'll be too fucking busy tryna flirt with Jesus' daughter
(Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins
Sicker than the starving Nigerian kids barfing
Odd Future Wolf Gang Nazi bar mitzvah
With your sister at the bar playing leg and arm twister
Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I got these cracker doctors saying, "yeah Bob, this nigga's sick"
Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry
Because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie
I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches
I said fuck coke and now I'm snorting Hitler's ashes
I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma
Being the only bastard in a box logo casket
Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets
In some Kanye West glasses screaming out "fuck faggots"
Catch me in my attic taking photos of my dad's dick
Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic

What the fuck?
I... I'm speechless, that was... fuck
Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help
I'm not a... fuck it, different subject
How's that girl you were telling me about?

Cut it short, break it down, couple pounds, roll it up
Add heat, kiss the end, let the colored vapors in
Pass it round, counter-clock, let her show her titties, stop
Cops rolling past, rolling papers in the passenger
Then swag it out, ounces then bags is out
Bitches and they asses out, money counting, cotton mouth
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
They say I've calmed down since the last album
Well, lick my dick, how does that sound? (Umm)
Smell my gooch, you could kiss my buns
And I don't give a shit, ban my rectum
Somebody said bands make her dance
You think you're getting cash, no bitch, you're dumb
The only thing that you're gonna get is this dick
Wait turn this up, bitch, this my jam (Where the drums at?)
Here, take a goddamn picture
And tell Spike Lee he's a goddamn nigga
And while you're at it, pass the lotion
And fapping and Xbox Live, that fun
Before I cum, I'm calling your sister
When she comes over, I take picture
Instantly put it on Instagram
And suplex her off a building if I get banned
(I'm just fuckin' around)

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

Bring back the horns that was played in the beginning
And tell Tony Parker that I found his vision
And if he's tripping off my sneak dissing
Then he has to deal with me and my minions
Tryna get a bimmer, E46
Have you heard "48", motherfucka I'm great
Golf Wang prints always cover the sleeves
From cuts for the Biebs, 'cause he's puffin' the trees, please
Fuck I look like? Got a new bike tire
Never pop like the puss on a butch dyke
Think I give a fuck, I do go raw
Then I bust in her jaw like (Fuck that disease!)
My urethra, hole that I pee from
Bigger than the obese neck on Aretha
Now turn that snare down
I'm back like I'm Rosa Parks fare on the same damn bus
Like, "You're going to jail now"

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
If a woodchuck could ever give a fuck?
Bitch Suck Dick, motherfuck you and your opinions
(Can you kick it?) Yes, I can sir, where the lump is
Sicker than the last bar bold-er, I’m a CO
Colorado, fuck Michael, bitch, I’m badder than my BO
Find me and Lance tryna dance during chemo
Before they repossess our strong arm bands and tuxedos

Yeah, buddy, this is my jam, na na na na na na na!
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, no, fuck you, na na na na na na!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
Can't agree? Bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How many fags can a lightbulb screw?
Well if it has a dick, maybe two or six
And tell the NRA I'm about to lose my shit
Shoot through Wayne LaPierre's hair with a crucifix
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh?
A little Jergens in my palm for the jerkin'
Hope my mom don't catch me, tryna set mood
Little Redtube, fuck lotion, I don't need lube, dry fist suits me
Up and down, the friction makes a squeaky sound, the shit's kind of disgusting
Fap time and before I flatline, Clancy chimes in my room and catch me
This shit's so damn embarrassing like...

Wolf: Oh, shit, aw fuck
Clancy: What the fuck?!
Wolf: Aw, I'm sorry
Clancy: Is that my shirt?
Wolf: Yeah, sorry, I needed something
Clancy: Clean that shit up, we're going to the office!
Can we talk on the phone or something
Because when I call (you on the phone)
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer

Hey Dad, it's me, um...
Oh, I'm Tyler, I think I'd be your son
Sorry, I called you the wrong name, see, my brain's splitting
"Dad" isn't your name, see "Faggot"'s a little more fitting
Mom was only twenty when you ain't have any fucks to spare
You Nigerian fuck, now I'm stuck with this shitty facial hair
Also stuck with a beautiful home with a case of stairs
So you not being near fucking fire-started my damn career
But fuck it, I got Clancy, he gave me the chance to see
A world I wasn't supposed to, I'm stoked that I didn't know you
But sucks you ain't give a fuck and considered a sperm donor now
The fuck is an Okonma? I'm changing my shit to Haley
And I just ain't being passive, nigga
You a fucking faggot, nigga
Got a show on Monday, guess who ain't getting no passes, nigga?
But if I ever had the chance to ask this nigga
And call him...
I hope he answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone (Please pick up)
I'd like to talk to you
(I hope you answer)

Suck my fucking dick and swallow this case of nuts
Ace hates your guts, I'm a selfish fuck
And I ain't sharing green as if I'm facing blunts
Frank is out the closet, Hodgy's an alcoholic
Syd might be bipolar, but fuck it, I couldn't call it
Supposed to be gone til November but quickly came back in August
I left two months through September to clearly remember all this
I would like to tell my grandma, but she just nostalgia
I'll call her number
But she won't answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
'Cause when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone
(I'd like to talk to you)
I hope you answer

You claim to hate my fucking guts
But say I'm on a island in Thailand and I was wilding
And, if I got stranded had to man up and hold my nuts
And hope that I could live off salt water and fucking coconuts
Phone ain't got no service -- this 3G is fucking worthless
Day is getting dark like the area's turning urban
You'll be fucking nervous like me inside of a church is
But, I'mma get in contact regardless, and
I hope you answer

La, la, la, la, la, la, la
AAAAHHH!

Satan's getting jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferring us
Books on not giving a fuck is what they're referring us (Wolf Gang)
Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderers
And young enough to get the fucking priest to come and flirt with us
You niggas rap about fucking bitches and getting head
Instead I rap about fucking bitches and getting heads
While you niggas stacking bread, I can stack a couple dead
Bodies, making red look less of a color, more of a hobby
I'm not a rapper nor a rapist nor a racist
I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit
Brag about the actions in a rhyming pattern matter
Then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox
Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore
Torture with the super soaker at the asian liquor store
This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore
That make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours
(Umbrella) I hate this, screaming fuck patience
Got a nigga shaking like the calmest fucking Haitian
After chronic masturbation, asking where Mary-Kate went
I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick
I make this damn Bullwinkle the red moose
Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose
She running 'round this motherfucking dungeon, her legs loose
Until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops
Victim, victim, honey, you're my fifth one
Honey on that topping when I stuff you in my system
Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome
You got a fucking death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done
Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you
With a leaf of salad and some dressing pouring out a teacup
Bitch, I'm Tyler the Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches
Rubber more than the fucking bottom of a sneaker
Jeeper the fucking creeper, get your daughter and keep her
In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper
Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed
Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands
Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics
Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric
Put her in the lake, her body sinks great, now it's time to fish her like Derek
Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust
And snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's trying to suck our dick
Hippopot the fucking llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders
Gave the team a bunch of fucking bees and the Keke Palmer
They will never catch him or catch up
They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup
Nutty like my Chex mix, she bleeding from her rectum
Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up, yep
This the type of shit that make children break in apartments
When you tell a fucking orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin
(I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover
Where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's disorder
Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland
Catch me with a bunch of fucking Mexicans crossing the border (arriba!)
I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water
Cause I'll be too fucking busy tryna flirt with Jesus' daughter
(Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins
Sicker than the starving Nigerian kids barfing
Odd Future Wolf Gang Nazi bar mitzvah
With your sister at the bar playing leg and arm twister
Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the Pooh like Tigger dick
I got these cracker doctors saying, "yeah Bob, this nigga's sick"
Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry
Because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie
I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches
I said fuck coke and now I'm snorting Hitler's ashes
I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma
Being the only bastard in a box logo casket
Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets
In some Kanye West glasses screaming out "fuck faggots"
Catch me in my attic taking photos of my dad's dick
Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic

What the fuck?
I... I'm speechless, that was... fuck
Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help
I'm not a... fuck it, different subject
How's that girl you were telling me about?

Cut it short, break it down, couple pounds, roll it up
Add heat, kiss the end, let the colored vapors in
Pass it round, counter-clock, let her show her titties, stop
Cops rolling past, rolling papers in the passenger
Then swag it out, ounces then bags is out
Bitches and they asses out, money counting, cotton mouth
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Yeah, we rolling papers over here, nigga
Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
They say I've calmed down since the last album
Well, lick my dick, how does that sound? (Umm)
Smell my gooch, you could kiss my buns
And I don't give a shit, ban my rectum
Somebody said bands make her dance
You think you're getting cash, no bitch, you're dumb
The only thing that you're gonna get is this dick
Wait turn this up, bitch, this my jam (Where the drums at?)
Here, take a goddamn picture
And tell Spike Lee he's a goddamn nigga
And while you're at it, pass the lotion
And fapping and Xbox Live, that fun
Before I cum, I'm calling your sister
When she comes over, I take picture
Instantly put it on Instagram
And suplex her off a building if I get banned
(I'm just fuckin' around)

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

Bring back the horns that was played in the beginning
And tell Tony Parker that I found his vision
And if he's tripping off my sneak dissing
Then he has to deal with me and my minions
Tryna get a bimmer, E46
Have you heard "48", motherfucka I'm great
Golf Wang prints always cover the sleeves
From cuts for the Biebs, 'cause he's puffin' the trees, please
Fuck I look like? Got a new bike tire
Never pop like the puss on a butch dyke
Think I give a fuck, I do go raw
Then I bust in her jaw like (Fuck that disease!)
My urethra, hole that I pee from
Bigger than the obese neck on Aretha
Now turn that snare down
I'm back like I'm Rosa Parks fare on the same damn bus
Like, "You're going to jail now"

Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
A can of beans, bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
If a woodchuck could ever give a fuck?
Bitch Suck Dick, motherfuck you and your opinions
(Can you kick it?) Yes, I can sir, where the lump is
Sicker than the last bar bold-er, I’m a CO
Colorado, fuck Michael, bitch, I’m badder than my BO
Find me and Lance tryna dance during chemo
Before they repossess our strong arm bands and tuxedos

Yeah, buddy, this is my jam, na na na na na na na!
Golf Wang, Golf Wang, no, fuck you, na na na na na na!
Why y'all so salty? Hot tamale is on
Can't agree? Bitch, I'm on
Your boy is bad to the bone

How many fags can a lightbulb screw?
Well if it has a dick, maybe two or six
And tell the NRA I'm about to lose my shit
Shoot through Wayne LaPierre's hair with a crucifix
How many ladies in the house?
How many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh?
A little Jergens in my palm for the jerkin'
Hope my mom don't catch me, tryna set mood
Little Redtube, fuck lotion, I don't need lube, dry fist suits me
Up and down, the friction makes a squeaky sound, the shit's kind of disgusting
Fap time and before I flatline, Clancy chimes in my room and catch me
This shit's so damn embarrassing like...

Wolf: Oh, shit, aw fuck
Clancy: What the fuck?!
Wolf: Aw, I'm sorry
Clancy: Is that my shirt?
Wolf: Yeah, sorry, I needed something
Clancy: Clean that shit up, we're going to the office!
Can we talk on the phone or something
Because when I call (you on the phone)
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call
I hope you pick up your phone
I'd like to talk to you
I hope you answer

Hey Dad, it's me, um...
Oh, I'm Tyler, I think I'd be your son
Sorry, I called you the wrong name, see, my brain's splitting
"Dad" isn't your name, see "Faggot"'s a little more fitting
Mom was only twenty when you ain't have any fucks to spare
You Nigerian fuck, now I'm stuck with this shitty facial hair
Also stuck with a beautiful home with a case of stairs
So you not being near fucking fire-started my damn career
But fuck it, I got Clancy, he gave me the chance to see
A world I wasn't supposed to, I'm stoked that I didn't know you
But sucks you ain't give a fuck and considered a sperm donor now
The fuck is an Okonma? I'm changing my shit to Haley
And I just ain't being passive, nigga
You a fucking faggot, nigga
Got a show on Monday, guess who ain't getting no passes, nigga?
But if I ever had the chance to ask this nigga
And call him...
I hope he answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
Because when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone (Please pick up)
I'd like to talk to you
(I hope you answer)

Suck my fucking dick and swallow this case of nuts
Ace hates your guts, I'm a selfish fuck
And I ain't sharing green as if I'm facing blunts
Frank is out the closet, Hodgy's an alcoholic
Syd might be bipolar, but fuck it, I couldn't call it
Supposed to be gone til November but quickly came back in August
I left two months through September to clearly remember all this
I would like to tell my grandma, but she just nostalgia
I'll call her number
But she won't answer

I hope you answer
I hope you answer
I hope you answer
Yeah, I hope you answer
'Cause when I call (When I call, baby)
I hope you pick up your phone
(I'd like to talk to you)
I hope you answer

You claim to hate my fucking guts
But say I'm on a island in Thailand and I was wilding
And, if I got stranded had to man up and hold my nuts
And hope that I could live off salt water and fucking coconuts
Phone ain't got no service -- this 3G is fucking worthless
Day is getting dark like the area's turning urban
You'll be fucking nervous like me inside of a church is
But, I'mma get in contact regardless, and
I hope you answer
